TERM: strategic surprise
	


	10 Jan 2012 ... In this context, a strategic surprise is defined as the sudden realization by an organization that it has operated on the basis of an erroneous threat assessment resulting in an inability to anticipate a serious threat to its vital interests.


	19 Sep 2012 ... Strategic Surprise. ... Unconstrained unorthodox and, by definition, subversive imagination is essential to the practice or achievement of strategic surprise.


	best provided by strategic education, not reorganization. Understanding the  Condition. 2. Surprise effect, not surprise, is the challenge. The problem is not  surprise. Surprise happens!&#x2014;to adapt the common exclamation. Rather the  problem is the effects of surprise. Surprise, by definition, is in the hands of our  enemies who&nbsp;...


	21 Apr 2007 ... Tactical warning, as defined in this paper, seeks to detect and deter specific  threats to US interests; the objective is to avoid incident surprise and thus block  or blunt damage. Strategic warning addresses perceived dangers in broader  terms, in order to inform policymaker decisions on general security&nbsp;...


	Strategic Surprise. Formulating U.S. Security Policy in an Age of Uncertainty.  Institute for the Study of Diplomacy. Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service  .... gence and help to define national security priorities and policy. Foreword ...  described as &#x201c;strategic surprises&#x201d; or &#x201c;intelligence failures,&#x201d; as such, prove to be  neither&nbsp;...


	Department of Defense priorities as well as possible actions and hedges to  strategic surprise and avoid potential regrets in 2024. A Changing Context for  Operations. The study explored current and future operational contexts. The  study defined &quot;strategic surprise&quot; as an event for which the United States is not  adequately&nbsp;...


	30 Apr 2002 ... I would define a surprise strategy as one in which force is used in an unexpected  way at an unexpected time against an unexpected target, with a view to trying to  achieve what more-conventional methods of warfare cannot. The nature of such  surprises is that force must be applied asymmetrically: You&nbsp;...


	21 Sep 2015 ... Surprise and shock. In 2007 the &#x201c;Strategic Trends and Shocks&#x201d; project within the  Office of the U.S. Secretary of Defense (OSD) Policy Planning introduced the idea  of strategic shock (Freier, Known Unknowns, 2008: 38, fn 5). The new concept  was defined as. &#x201c;An event that punctuates the evolution of a&nbsp;...


	Department of Defense priorities as well as possible actions and hedges to  strategic surprise and avoid potential regrets in 2024. A Changing Context for  Operations. The study explored current and future operational contexts. The  study defined &quot;strategic surprise&quot; as an event for which the United States is not  adequately&nbsp;...


	whole new meaning to the adage that &#x201c;the opponent gets a vote.&#x201d; Surprise  causes psychological dislocation and at least temporary paralysis: one is no  longer driving events and is forced, instead, to respond in and to an environment  shaped by another's actions. 3 Mackubin Thomas Owens, &#x201c;Strategy and the  Strategic Way&nbsp;...


TERM: tactical surprise 
	


	21 Apr 2007 ... A robust strategic warning effort serves as the indispensable analytic supplement to tactical warning&#x2014;by spurring, in advance of specific, harmful developments, preemptive and defensive measures that can mute the negative consequences of tactical surprise.


	The tactics involved the insertion of Army Special Forces personnel from the 5th  Special Forces Group into Afghanistan at night with cargo aircraft, and have ... A &quot; tactical advantage&quot; is about having an advantage with the more &quot;detailed&quot; or &quot; little&quot; things, like having the element of surprise on your side for a specific mission .


	By Erica Olsen. Quite often, people confuse strategy and tactics and think the two  terms are interchangeable in strategic planning, but they're not. According to  strategy guru Michael Porter, &#x201c;Competitive strategy is about being different. It  means deliberately choosing a different set of activities to deliver a unique mix of  value.&#x201d;.


	Tactical definition, of or relating to tactics, especially military or naval tactics. See  more.


	19 Sep 2012 ... Unconstrained unorthodox and, by definition, subversive imagination is essential  to the practice or achievement of strategic surprise. ... Moreover, in the conduct of  contemporary warfare, the traditional tactical, operational, and strategic levels are  inseparable; each one may have an effect on another, rather&nbsp;...


	The traditional meaning of blitzkrieg is that of German tactical and operational  methodology in the first half of the Second World War, that is often hailed as a  new method of warfare. The word, meaning &quot;lightning war&quot;, in its strategic sense  describes a series of quick and decisive short battles to deliver a knockout blow  to an&nbsp;...


	The terms tactic and strategy are often confused: tactics are the actual means  used to gain an objective, while strategy is the overall campaign plan, which may  involve complex operational patterns, activity, and decision-making that govern  tactical execution. The United States Department of Defense Dictionary of Military &nbsp;...


	This page contains a list of military tactics. The meaning of the phase is context  sensitive, and has varied over time, like the difference between &quot;strategy&quot; and &quot; tactics&quot;. Contents. [hide]. 1 General tactics; 2 Small unit tactics; 3 Eight classical  maneuvers of warfare; 4 Offensive tactics; 5 Defensive tactics; 6 Deception; 7 See &nbsp;...


	current AirLand Battle doctrine adequately address the role of tactical surprise  considering the emerging battlefield? Scope. Five parameters define the scope of  this monograph. First, it focuses on applying the principal of surprise at the  tactical level of war. Although strategic and operational surprise are critical  components&nbsp;...


	13 Sep 2013 ... The tactics could include a surprise attack, driving a wedge through the opposing  force or surrounding the enemy. When it comes ... Strategy defines what the  business aims to achieve. ... There is confusion over the meaning of these terms  and there appears to be no concrete consensus on the difference.


TERM: long term expertise 
	Basis of credibility of a person who is perceived to be knowledgeable in an area or topic due to his or her study, training, or experience in the subject matter. ... Use 'expertise' in a Sentence. When I was interviewed for a job last week, they asked me which areas I had expertise in ...


	4 Mar 2014 ... Expertise is consensually defined as elite, peak, or exceptionally high levels of  performance on a particular task or within a given domain. One who achieves this  status is called an expert or some related term, such as virtuoso, master, maven,  prodigy, or genius. These terms are meant to label someone&nbsp;...


	Expertise definition: Expertise is special skill or knowledge that is acquired by  training, study, or practice. | Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.


	How to use expertise in a sentence. Example sentences with the word expertise.  expertise example sentences. ... I don't know that we have the expertise here to  repair it at this time. How could I use my expertise to assist you? ... How long did it  take you to reach expertise in playing cards? Amanda has a high amount of&nbsp;...


	... the relevant expertise to do the job.phrasessomebody's area/field of expertise  (=the subject or activity that someone is skilled in)a historian whose area of  expertise is the Roman Empiredegree/level of expertiseDifferent financial  advisers will have different levels of expertise.range of expertiseThe committee  hopes to draw&nbsp;...


	Understanding research language means she can explain things to patients that  she now takes for granted, but Maxine has to stop herself from using the jargon  she's picked up. ..... Others, however, thought long-term involvement and gaining  expertise made them more effective at contributing rather than less effective.


	3 Jul 2007 ... In addition, changes in electroencephalogram and cortical thickness have been  reported in long-term meditation practitioners of compassion (7) and insight  meditation (8). For other types of expertise, functional MRI findings vary  depending on training. For example, a study of short-term object discrimination&nbsp;...


	The role of long term memory in the skilled memory effect was first articulated by  Chase and Simon in their classic studies of chess expertise. They asserted that  organized patterns of information stored in long term memory (chunks) mediated  experts' rapid encoding and superior retention. Their study revealed that all&nbsp;...


	17 Jan 2009 ... Understanding other people's expertise can help you develop your own.  Surprisingly, experts make mistakes, but experts catch and correct their mistakes  faster than do novices. Experts take a long time to make sure they understand a  problem. If you give an expert and a novice the same problem, the&nbsp;...


	Expertise definition, expert skill or knowledge; expertness; know-how: business  expertise. See more.


TERM: policy process 
	


	29 May 2015 ... This document provides public health practitioners with a summary of the domains of the CDC policy process (See Figure 1). ... &quot;Policy&quot; is defined as a law, regulation, procedure, administrative action, incentive, or voluntary practice of governments and other institutions.


	3 Feb 2013 ... Agenda setting is the process wherein problems, issues and concerns of the health sector are identified and clearly defined Policy formulation is the process of transforming an agenda into policy. Policy adoption is the process by which the approving authority decides for the approval of the policy.


	19 Apr 2013 ... The problem for businesses is they often struggle to define three key elements:  Policy; Process; Procedure. Too often these three items are used  interchangeably, but there are key details in each that make them necessary on  their own for a complete working system. In order to effectively delegate tasks to&nbsp;...


	Many problems exist within the United States but few make it onto the public  policy agenda. Those problems that do move onto the policy agenda must first be  identified as salient issues. An issue can be broadly defined as a circumstance of  reality not meeting a constituency's expectations. The power of the group in&nbsp;...


	Through this lesson, you will learn how to define public policy, how it works in  societies, and what it takes to shape and change policy through...


	... used by an organization or government as a basis for making decisions. More  women need to become involved in policy-making. He will play a key  background role in government policy-making. b. (as modifier). The Central  Committee is the party's policy-making body. a policy-making process. Collins  English Dictionary.


	Public policy is the principled guide to action taken by the administrative  executive branches of the state with regard to a class of issues, in a manner  consistent with law and institutional customs. Contents. [hide]. 1 Overview; 2  Government actions and process; 3 Academic discipline; 4 See also; 5  References; 6 Further&nbsp;...


	Policy creation is a process that typically follows a sequence of steps or stages:  Identification of a problem (also called &quot;problem definition&quot;) and demand for  government action. Different stakeholders may define the same issue as different  problems. For example, if homeless people are using&nbsp;...


	Definition of policies and procedures: A set of policies are principles, rules, and  guidelines formulated or adopted by an organization to reach its long-term goals  and typically published in a booklet or other form that is widely ...


	In the context of policy analysis, the notion of problem definition, or problem  setting, has long been instituted as the most crucial and demanding task facing  the analyst (Bardach,. 1996). But the different task of conceptualizing problem  defi nition as a political process has attracted little attention (Rochefort and Cobb,  1994).


TERM: maintenance of secrecy (clandestine)
	Families sometimes maintain &quot;family secrets&quot;, obliging family members never to  discuss disagreeable issues concerning the family with outsiders or sometimes  even within the family. Many &quot;family secrets&quot; are maintained by using a mutually  agreed-upon construct (an official family story) when speaking with outside&nbsp;...


	An operation sponsored or conducted by governmental departments or agencies  in such a way as to assure secrecy or concealment. A clandestine operation  differs from a covert operation in that emphasis is placed on concealment of the  operation rather than on concealment of the identity of the sponsor. In special&nbsp;...


	clandestine was our Word of the Day on 06/07/2015. ... Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. ... secret, covert, stealthy, furtive, clandestine, surreptitious, underhanded mean done without attracting observation.


	Clandestine definition, characterized by, done in, or executed with secrecy or  concealment, especially for purposes of subversion or deception; private or  surreptitious: Their clandestine meetings went undiscovered for two years. See  more.


	Cultural and educational activities, maintenance of community documentation,  and clandestine religious observances are three examples of spiritual resistance.  CULTURE AND ... in numerous ghettos. These underground libraries included  the secret library at Czestochowa, Poland, which served more than 1,000 readers .


	[4] Contrary to intelligence-driven diplomacy, in clandestine diplomacy, members  of the intelligence community are the primary agents for fulfilling diplomatic  functions.[5] Whether such &#x201c;clandestine diplomats&#x201d; fall into the category of  diplomatic actors is contested in diplomatic literature.[6] I define non-accredited  intelligence&nbsp;...


	1 Jul 2015 ... Executive Secrecy from Boston Review. If we want to check presidential power&#x2014; and check it we must&#x2014;then it is essential that we resist claims to executive  secrecy.


	This paper brings into focus the concept of organizational secrecy, defined as the  ongoing formal and informal social processes of intentional concealment of ....  Third, we do not focus on organizations which are themselves secret, i.e.  clandestine organizations such as secret political societies or terrorist groups ( e.g. Stohl&nbsp;...


TERM: intelligence vs. information 
	Fail vs Finished: The Difference Between Information and Intelligence. By Lance  James. @lancejssc. | April 11, 2017. Intelligence versus Information ... To  establish a clear baseline, let's define information, data, and intelligence so that  we can note the differences (especially if the organization is offered or has  bought an&nbsp;...


	16 Feb 2016 ... Sadly, more individuals and organizations find themselves on the lower end of  understanding than we'd like to think. Information vs. Intelligence. When I hear  some people discussing intelligence, quite often, what they are actually  discussing is information. There is a fundamental difference between the two&nbsp;...


	Data vs. Information vs. Intelligence. Data. (Raw facts). Information. (Original data ). Intelligence. (Interpreted. Info.) Knowledge. &#x2022; Data &#x2013; raw facts. &#x2022; Information &#x2013;  organized data ... &#x2022;Operationalization (Specifying a concrete meaning/variable) of  the concept ... measure adequately reflects the &#x201c;real meaning&#x201d; of the concept&nbsp;...


	22 Oct 2014 ... Even if they don't do it perfectly, nor always move as quickly on new threats or  new technologies as we would like, we can clearly turn to them as experts in  defining CTI. For example, the FBI has a published definition for intelligence that  is useful: &#x201c;simply defined, intelligence is information that has been&nbsp;...


	8 May 2007 ... Military intelligence officers speak of enemies and areas of operation, defining  operation as a military action or the carrying out of a military mission. The  collectors of information are inclined to regard its further processing as a kind of  frosting, a matter of arrangement and decoration. The agent handlers tend&nbsp;...


	1 Dec 2014 ... What is the difference between Information and Intelligence - Information is data  which contain a message or knowledge of something ; Intelligence is the ... ...  Information vs Intelligence ... Intelligence, on the other hand, can be defined as  the ability to comprehend, understand, logic, memory planning, etc.


	20 Jan 2016 ... Sometimes though, we really need something more...and that is where  intelligence comes into play. Where the stakes are higher and the consequences  may be critical, information to be worthwhile, must take a higher form. Information  must become intelligence. Also for this, I differentiate the notion of&nbsp;...


	To address these questions we need to define carefully three basic concepts &#x2013;  information, knowledge and intelligence &#x2013; and explore the relationships between  them. A good way to begin to distinguish between them, is to note how they  reflect our relationship to present, past, and future. Information describes: it tells  us how&nbsp;...


	Vs. Information-Based Artificial Intelligence. By. Eshel Ben Jacob and Yoash  Shapira. School of Physics and Astronomy. Raymond &amp; Beverly Sackler Faculty  of Exact Sciences. Tel Aviv University, 69978 Tel Aviv Israel. Abstract. In this  chapter, we reflect on the concept of Meaning-Based Natural Intelligence - a  fundamental&nbsp;...


	6 Jun 2011 ... Intelligence Information: Need-to-Know vs. Need-to-Share ... Despite these  developments, support for information sharing among intelligence agencies  remains strong within ..... 16 See Government Accountability Office, Information  Sharing Environment: Definition of the Results to be Achieved in Improving&nbsp;...


TERM: product intelligence
	


	Product intelligence is defined as an automated system for gathering and analyzing intelligence about the performance of a product being designed and manufactured, such that this data is automatically fed back to the product managers and engineers designing the product, to assist them in the development of the next ...


	6 Apr 2015 ... Luckily, the power of Product Intelligence can help them find you, and more  importantly, buy from you. Maybe you're asking yourself: &#x201c;What is Product  Intelligence and do I have it?&#x201d; Product Intelligence broadly defined is deep  understanding, insights and analytics on a company's products, those of their&nbsp;...


	RAP Intelligence Products Research, Analysis and Production Branch (RAP)  intelligence products originate from a number of sources and are produced either  on the recommendation of an analyst, at the direction of a RAP supervisor or  manager, or CSIS senior management, or at the request of an operational branch ,&nbsp;...


	You must first understand the concrete value that Product Intelligence can deliver , rather than getting lost in the buzz of the Big Data trend like the latest fan craze.  Familiarity with the process and outputs will enable you to help your strategy &amp;  marketing teams ask smarter questions to define customer demands and shape&nbsp;...


	In an industrial context, product intelligence is the phrase used to describe the linking of a physical order or product to information and rules governing the way it is intended to be made, stored or transported.


	Product Intelligence is a cloud-based, software-as-a-service (SaaS) MindSphere  Application (Mindapp) that automatically discovers insights from contextualized  product performance data. The Mindapp provides greater visibility into product  and supply chain performance which enables you to prevent costly recalls, solve &nbsp;...


	So, let's find new business opportunities and meet market feedbacks: get high- level strategic assessments, qualitative and functional analysis to define how  customers perceive products and services, individually or compared to  alternative solutions. Why are MarketingPRO Product Intelligence Services so  distinctive?


	9 May 2007 ... The Trilobite costs around $1,500. Both AIBO and the Trilobite owe most of their  functionality to IT. Other examples of such products are personal digital assistants  (PDAs), car navigation systems, cell phones and digital video cameras. Intelligent  products show intelligence in that they have several new&nbsp;...


	Churn &#x2014; define churn based on the product usage. &#x2022; Predictive Performance of  Services. &#x2022; Failure Analysis. &#x2022; Path / Click Stream. Analysis. Game Certification ...  INTELLIGENCE SLU. Examples of HCLT's product development acceleration  include: Android devices have numerous permutations based on the way in.


	14089 Product Intelligence Manager jobs available on Indeed.com. Product  Manager, Associate Product Manager, Data Manager and more! ... We are  looking for Product Manager intern who will work in the product management  team and help us to further define and scale our education platform.... Easily  apply. 18 days&nbsp;...


TERM: intelligence process (intelligence cycle) 
	


	From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. The traditional Intelligence cycle is the fundamental cycle of intelligence processing in a civilian or military intelligence agency or in law enforcement as a closed path consisting of repeating nodes.


	The term &quot;intelligence process&quot; refers to the steps of the cycle. ... Lowenthal (2006, p 55) added two phases for seven phases of the intelligence process as (1) requirements, (2) collection, (3) processing and exploitation, (4) analysis and production, (5) dissemination, (6) consumption, and (7) feedback.


	Processing. We take all the information that we have collected and put it into an  intelligence report. This information could be anything from a translated  document to a description of a satellite photo. [Top of page]


	The Intelligence Cycle is the process of developing raw information into finished  intelligence for policymakers to use in decisionmaking and action. There are five  steps which constitute the Intelligence Cycle.


	Define intelligence process. intelligence process synonyms, intelligence process  pronunciation, intelligence process translation, English dictionary definition of ...  While the idea of the intelligence cycle (moving through planning and direction,  collection, processing, analysis, and dissemination) is fairly ubiquitous in the&nbsp;...


	4 Dec 2016 ... The Intelligence Cycle has provided me a strong foundation for the  understanding of Intelligence Processes throughout my career&#x2026; The purpose of  this article is to share with you that first lesson on the topic of the Intelligence  Cycle and explain, how intelligence is made. By the end of this article, you will&nbsp;...


	15 Aug 2015 ... It's also in this step where we define which areas the intelligence produced will  have the most impact and make to most contribution. During the planning is  fundamental to specify which categories of Intelligence will be gathered i.e.  OSINT (Open Source Intelligence). In addition, the processes, people and&nbsp;...


	Intelligence cycle is the process of knowledge generation by which gathered  information is transformed into intelligence and afterward spread to users. There  are distinct phases which comprise the cycle, although the principal ones are:  direction, collection, processing, and dissemination. In the direction phase the  decision&nbsp;...


	7 Sep 2013 ... INTELLIGENCE CYCLE Is the process through which intelligence is obtained,  produced, and made available to users. Direction Collection ... Intelligence is  defined as the product resulting from the collection, evaluation, analysis,  integration, and the interpretation of all available information. Intelligence is&nbsp;...


	direction step sets the stage for the Intelligence Cycle. It is the springboard from  which all Intelligence ... of the process includes determining the information need,  deciding how to collect that information, ... the private sector. The purpose of this  collection is to meet the defined tactical or strategic goal. Step # 3 PROCESSING &nbsp;...


TERM: HUMINT
	Human intelligence (frequently abbreviated HUMINT) is intelligence gathered by means of interpersonal contact, as opposed to the more technical intelligence gathering disciplines such as signals intelligence (SIGINT), imagery intelligence (IMINT) and measurement and signature intelligence (MASINT).


	Humint definition, the gathering of political or military intelligence through secret  agents. See more.


	21 Oct 2010 ... Human intelligence (HUMINT) is defined as any information that can be gathered from human sources. The National Clandestine Service (NCS) is the branch of the CIA responsible for the collection of HUMINT.


	Definition of humint - covert intelligence-gathering by agents or others.


	12 Nov 2016 ... Human Intelligence (HUMINT) is the collection of information from people.  HUMINT is probably the most well-known intelligence collection method. The  subject of numerous movies, novels and TV shows, think James Bond, Homeland , or any John le Carre novel&#x2026;. HUMINT is the practice of recruiting&nbsp;...


	Humint definition: human intelligence : military intelligence gained from human  sources with knowledge of... | Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples .


	Looking for online definition of HUMINT or what HUMINT stands for? HUMINT is  listed in the World's largest and most authoritative dictionary database of  abbreviations and acronyms.


	Define humint. humint synonyms, humint pronunciation, humint translation,  English dictionary definition of humint. n human intelligence: military intelligence  gained from human sources with knowledge of the target area.


	Definition of HUMINT (Human Intelligence) &#x2013; Our online dictionary has HUMINT ( Human Intelligence) information from Encyclopedia of Espionage, Intelligence,  and Security dictionary. Encyclopedia.com: English, psychology and medical  dictionaries.


	DEFINITION. 6-1. HUMINT is the collection by a trained HUMINT Collector of  foreign information from people and multimedia to identify elements, intentions,  composition, strength, dispositions, tactics, equipment, personnel, and  capabilities. It uses human sources as a tool and a variety of collection methods,  both passively&nbsp;...


TERM: SIGINT
	


	Signals intelligence (SIGINT) is intelligence-gathering by interception of signals, whether communications between people (communications intelligence&#x2014;abbreviated to COMINT) or from electronic signals not directly used in communication (electronic intelligence&#x2014;abbreviated to ELINT).


	3 May 2016 ... SIGINT is intelligence derived from electronic signals and systems used by foreign targets, such as communications systems, radars, and weapons systems. SIGINT provides a vital window for our nation into foreign adversaries' capabilities, actions, and intentions.


	SIGINT (signals intelligence) is information gained by the collection and analysis of the electronic signals and communications of a given target. ... Intelligence agencies worldwide use SIGINT in both foreign and domestic data gathering. ... SIGINT now has two main fields: COMINT, which ...


	Sigint definition, the gathering of military or other intelligence by interception of  electronic signals and consisting of comint and elint. See more.


	26 Aug 2010 ... The Intelligence Community refers to the collection and exploitation of signals  transmitted from communication systems, radars, and weapon systems as signals  intelligence (SIGINT). SIGINT consists of: Communications Intelligence (COMINT)  &#x2013; technical and intelligence information derived from intercept of&nbsp;...


	@(#)signal.h 7.16 (Berkeley) 3/17/91 */ #ifndef _SIGNAL_H_ #define  _SIGNAL_H_ #define NSIG 32 /* counting 0; could be 33 (mask is 1-32) */ #ifndef  _POSIX_SOURCE #include &lt;machine/trap.h&gt; /* codes for SIGILL, SIGFPE */ # endif /* _POSIX_SOURCE */ #define SIGHUP 1 /* hangup */ #define SIGINT 2 /*  interrupt&nbsp;...


	8 Jun 2015 ... Defined in header &lt;signal.h&gt;. #define SIGTERM /*implementation defined*/. # define SIGSEGV /*implementation defined*/. #define SIGINT /*implementation  defined*/. #define SIGILL /*implementation defined*/. #define SIGABRT /* implementation defined*/. #define SIGFPE /*implementation defined*/&nbsp;...


	26 Sep 2017 ... SIGINT is the interception of signals for the purpose of gathering intelligence.  Learn how it works and why it's important in Electronic Warfare applications.


	Define SIGINT. SIGINT synonyms, SIGINT pronunciation, SIGINT translation,  English dictionary definition of SIGINT. Noun 1. SIGINT - intelligence information  gathered from communications intelligence or electronics intelligence or  telemetry intelligence signals...


	MACROS */ #define SIGABRT &lt;integer constant expression &gt;= 0&gt; #define  SIGFPE &lt;integer constant expression &gt;= 0&gt; #define SIGILL &lt;integer constant  expression &gt;= 0&gt; #define SIGINT &lt;integer constant expression &gt;= 0&gt; #define  SIGSEGV &lt;integer constant expression &gt;= 0&gt; #define SIGTERM &lt;integer  constant&nbsp;...


TERM: IMINT
	


	Define IMINT. IMINT synonyms, IMINT pronunciation, IMINT translation, English  dictionary definition of IMINT. Intelligence derived from the exploitation of  collection by visual photography, infrared sensors, lasers, electro-optics, and  radar sensors such as...


	IMINT definition: (IMagery INTelligence) See DOD intelligence glossary. ...


	Defined Term is a resource of legal, industry-specific, and uncommon defined  terms to help lawyers draft more clearly, concisely, and accurately.


	Formerly known as photographic intelligence, or PHOTINT, IMINT is derived from photography, infrared sensors, synthetic aperture radar, and other forms of imaging technology. It was this wealth of imagery sources and techniques that influenced the shift in terminology from PHOTINT to IMINT during the 1970s.


	DEFINITION. 7-1. IMINT is intelligence derived from the exploitation of imagery collected by visual photography, infrared, lasers, multi-spectral sensors, and radar.


	Imagery intelligence (IMINT) is an intelligence gathering discipline which collects  information via satellite and aerial photography. As a means of collecting  intelligence, IMINT is a subset of intelligence collection management, which, in  turn, is a subset of intelligence cycle management. IMINT is especially  complemented by&nbsp;...


	GEOINT, as defined in US Code, consists of imagery, imagery intelligence (IMINT ) and geospatial information. GEOINT knowledge and related tradecraft is no  longer confined to the U.S. government (IC), or even the world's leading military  powers. An important indicator of the worldwide spread of interest in geospatial  data&nbsp;...


	3 definitions of IMINT. Meaning of IMINT. What does IMINT stand for? IMINT  abbreviation. Define IMINT at AcronymFinder.com.


	23 Sep 2010 ... Imagery - a likeness of any natural or man-made feature, as well as its location.  Imagery Intelligence (IMINT) &#x2013; information derived through interpreting imagery.  Geospatial Information &#x2013; information that identifies a natural or constructed  feature on Earth by its geographic location and other characteristics.


	Executive Summary Imagery Intelligence (IMINT) will be a mainstay of the  Intelligence Community (IC) in the 21st century. The IMINT community (IMC)  today is made up of a ..... The IMC should define the standards for imagery  exploitation, yet allow decentralized execution. Thus, while the all-source  imagery analyst of the&nbsp;...


TERM: MASINT
	


	Measurement and signature intelligence (MASINT) is a technical branch of intelligence gathering, which serves to detect, track, identify or describe the signatures (distinctive characteristics) of fixed or dynamic target sources.


	Measurement and Signature Intelligence (MASINT) is scientific and technical  intelligence information obtained by quantitative and qualitative analysis of data ( metric, angle, spatial, wavelength, time dependence, modulation, plasma, and  hydromagnetic) derived from specific technical sensors for the purpose of  identifying&nbsp;...


	For purposes of comparison among the INTs, similar if not identical intelligence  issues will be used. MASINT Defined. One of the more descriptive definitions of  MASINT that the authors pre- fer came from the then newly formed Central  MASINT Office of the mid. 1990s: Measurement and Signature Intelligence ( MASINT) is&nbsp;...


	Measurement and signature intelligence (MASINT) is the term for forms of information gathered by analysis of signals (SIGINT), imagery (IMINT), or data acquired through human contact (HUMINT).


	Define measurement and signature intelligence. measurement and signature  intelligence synonyms, measurement and signature intelligence pronunciation, ...  Also called MASINT. See also intelligence; scientific and technical intelligence.  Dictionary of Military and Associated Terms. US Department of Defense 2005.


	DEFINITION. 9-1. MASINT is technically derived intelligence that detects, locates,  tracks, identifies, and/or describes the specific characteristics of fixed and  dynamic target objects and sources. It also includes the additional advanced  processing and exploitation of data derived from IMINT and SIGINT collection. 9- 2. MASINT&nbsp;...


	With that quick background, it is useful to identify the IC's current official definition  of MASINT: Measurement and Signature Intelligence (MASINT) is technically  derived intelligence (excluding traditional imagery and signal intelligence) which  when collected, processed, and analyzed, results in intelligence that detects,  tracks,&nbsp;...


	MASINT definition: (Measurement And Signal INTelligence) See DOD  intelligence glossary. ...


	Scientific and technical intelligence obtained by quantitative and qualitative  analysis of data (metric, angle, spatial, wavelength, time dependence,  modulation, plasma, and hydromagnetic). This data is derived from specific  technical sensors for the purpose of identifying any distinctive features  associated with the source,&nbsp;...


	PC Magazine Tech Encyclopedia Index - Definitions on common technical and  computer related terms.


TERM: OSINT
	


	Open-source intelligence (OSINT) is data collected from publicly available sources to be used in an intelligence context. In the intelligence community, the term &quot;open&quot; refers to overt, publicly available sources (as opposed to covert or clandestine sources).


	23 Jul 2010 ... Whether in the blogs we browse, the broadcasts we watch, or the specialized  journals we read, there is an endless supply of information that contributes to our  understanding of the world. The Intelligence Community generally refers to this  information as Open Source Intelligence (OSINT). OSINT plays an&nbsp;...


	15 Mar 2016 ... According to the OSINT definition on the FBI website, the acronym OSINT means Open Source INTelligence: it refers publicly available information that may come from media such as newspapers, television and&#x2026; websites. ... This explains why the use of OSINT software for homeland security has become a strategic activity.


	4 Apr 2013 ... The government and military love to use acronyms, and one of those acronyms is  OSINT. Learn what it stands for, what it has to do with Big Data from the Deep  Web, and why it isn't just a government acronym. Defining OSINT. OSINT stands  for &#x201c;Open-Source INTelligence&#x201d;, which refers to any unclassified&nbsp;...


	24 Aug 2010 ... Official Definition. Open-source intelligence is the discipline that pertains to  intelligence produced from publicly available information that is collected,  exploited ... Open-source intelligence (OSINT) is derived from the systematic  collection, processing, and analysis of publicly available, relevant information in&nbsp;...


	This White Paper defines Open Source Intelligence (OSCINT) and its relevance  in meeting the needs of the military (both commanders and defense policy- makers). OSCINT is intelligence derived from public information--tailored  intelligence which is based on information which can be obtained legally and  ethically from&nbsp;...


	Open Source Intelligence gathers information that is legally and publically  available, including information from the news media and internet. FK Reading  Ease. -8.4. FK Grade Level. Graduate School. Endorse (16). Share. Flag. This  definition has not yet been approved by a moderator. Open Source Intelligence ( OSINT).


	This definition has not yet been approved by a moderator. Open Source  Intelligence gathers information that is legally and publically available, including  information from the news media and internet.


	11 Sep 2013 ... With an estimated 80% of required information available for use in an open  source for specific information vital for a deep analysis in newspapers,  magazines, industry newsletters, television transcripts, and blogs. OSINT makes  our work easier, by using OSINT we are able to get important information in just&nbsp;...


	5 Dec 2007 ... The use of OSINT may result not only in monetary savings but also in less risk  than utilizing sensitive technical and human sources. OSINT can also provide  insights ..... The Intelligence Community defines open source .... definition refers  to &#x201c;collection,&#x201d; even though some open source analysts prefer to use.


TERM: Disciplines of Clandestine Collection 
	Section 2. INTELLIGENCE COLLECTION ACTIVITIES AND DISCIPLINES.  Defining Intelligence. Intelligence is the product resulting from the collection,  collation, evaluation, analysis, integration, and interpretation of collected  information.[1] It is a specialized information product that provides the United  States or an&nbsp;...


	This is a list of intelligence gathering disciplines. Contents. [hide]. 1 HUMINT; 2  GEOINT; 3 MASINT; 4 OSINT; 5 SIGINT; 6 TECHINT; 7 CYBINT/DNINT; 8 FININT;  9 See also; 10 References. HUMINT[edit]. Human intelligence&#x2014;gathered from a  person on the ground. Espionage &middot; Friendly accredited diplomats &middot; Military&nbsp;...


	Intelligence collection management is the process of managing and organizing  the collection of intelligence from various sources. The collection department of  an intelligence organization may attempt basic validation of what it collects, but is  not supposed to analyze its significance. The difference between validation and&nbsp;...


	Although JP 2&#x2013;0 defines these intelligence disciplines, it also includes open- source intelligence (OSINT) as a separate intelligence discipline. ... visitors,  exchange students, journalists and military personnel legitimately in the United  States * Clandestine collection operations encompass those activities conducted  in a&nbsp;...


	21 Oct 2010 ... Human intelligence (HUMINT) is defined as any information that can be gathered  from human sources. The National Clandestine Service (NCS) is the branch of  the CIA responsible for the collection of HUMINT. The NCS is charged with  strengthening national security and foreign policy objectives through&nbsp;...


	10 Aug 1995 ... review of how open source information is defined. what it is and where it is to be  found. This is followed .... information. and promote the creation of a recognized  open source collection discipline that is a vital and .... the clandestine collection  of secret intelligence are expensive and resource intensive. The.


	While some intelligence is indeed collected through clandestine operations and  known only at the highest levels of government, other intelligence consists of  information that is widely available. There are five main ways of collecting  intelligence that are often collectively referred to as intelligence collection  disciplines,&nbsp;...


TERM: espionage 
	Definition of espionage. : the practice of spying or using spies to obtain information about the plans and activities especially of a foreign government or a competing company. industrial espionage.


	the use of spies by a government to discover the military and political secrets of other nations. 3. the use of spies by a corporation or the like to acquire the plans, technical knowledge, etc., of a competitor: industrial espionage.


	espionage meaning, definition, what is espionage: the discovering of secrets,  especially political or military information of another&#x2026;. Learn more.


	Any individual or spy ring (a cooperating group of spies), in the service of a  government, company or independent operation, can commit espionage. The  practice is clandestine, as it is by definition unwelcome and in many cases illegal  and punishable by law. Espionage is a subset of &quot;intelligence&quot; gathering, which  includes&nbsp;...


	Definition of espionage - the practice of spying or of using spies, typically by  governments to obtain political and military information.


	Definition of espionage in the Legal Dictionary - by Free online English dictionary  and encyclopedia. What is espionage? Meaning of espionage as a legal term.  What does espionage mean in law?


	Define espionage. espionage synonyms, espionage pronunciation, espionage  translation, English dictionary definition of espionage. n. The practice of spying or  of using spies to obtain secret information, especially regarding a government or  business. n 1. the systematic use of spies to...


	Espionage definition: Espionage is the activity of finding out the political, military,  or industrial secrets... | Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.


	It's no secret: espionage is the act of organized spying, usually with the goal of  uncovering sensitive military or political information.


	Those participating in Espionage typically wake up by 9 AM and are drunk by 10  AM. After a full day of festivities, &quot;espionagers&quot; could have participated in dance  contests, push up contests at Margarittaville, picked a fight with a French  bartender, convinced a 12 year old girl you were in love with her, pretended they  were&nbsp;...


TERM: walk-in
	a person, as a customer, patient, or interviewee, who arrives without an appointment: Many of the clinic's patients are walk-ins who suddenly need help. 4. something large enough to be walked into, as a closet. 5.


	Definition of walk-in for English Language Learners. : large enough to be walked into. of a place : able to be visited without an appointment. of a person : visiting a place without an appointment.


	walk-in adjective [ before noun ] ... Although the restaurant will take walk-ins, reservations are recommended. ... &#x50a8;&#x5b58;, &#xff08;&#x5b58;&#x50a8;&#x7a7a;&#x95f4;&#xff09;&#x5927;&#x5f97;&#x4eba;&#x80fd;&#x8d70;&#x8fdb;&#x53bb;&#x7684;&#xff0c;&#x6b65;&#x5165;&#x5f0f;&#x7684;, &#x672a;&#x63d0;&#x524d;&#x5b89;&#x6392;&#x7684;&#x2026;.


	Define walk-in. walk-in synonyms, walk-in pronunciation, walk-in translation,  English dictionary definition of walk-in. adj. 1. Large enough to admit entrance: a  walk-in closet. 2. Located so as to be entered directly from the street: a walk-in  apartment. n. 1.


	Definition of walk-in written for English Language Learners from the Merriam- Webster Learner's Dictionary with audio pronunciations, usage examples, and  count/noncount noun labels.


	An empty walk-in closet. Licensed from iStockPhoto. adjective. The definition of  walk in is an area large enough that you can actually step inside and move about , rather than just reach in with your hands. An example of a walk in is a closet  where you can step inside to pick out your clothes. noun. Walk in is a person,  such as&nbsp;...


	Definition of walk in: Hotel industry term for a guest who arrives without  reservation. Not to be confused with walked (see walk).


	On multiple occasions, beginning when she was 12, Sara went to her local GP  and to walk-in clinics wearing her hijab to get the morning-after pill. (of a thief)  that gains access through unlocked doors; (of a defector etc) that walks into an  embassy etc unannounced; (US, of a cinema) not a drive-in; (of a room) entered  without&nbsp;...


	Top definition. walk in onunknown. To open a door only to find that one is  interupting a romantic and possibly sexual scene &middot; Mary: &quot;Hey Sharlene, didn't  you walk in on your parents boning one time?&quot; Sharlene: &quot;Uhh.. i don't wanna talk  about it&quot;. #interupt#wak in on#walk in#open the door#uninterupted. by  MonkeyManners&nbsp;...


	A walk-in clinic describes a very broad category of medical facilities only loosely  defined as those that accept patients on a walk-in basis and with no appointment  required. A number of healthcare service providers fall under the walk-in clinic  umbrella including urgent care centers, retail clinics and even many free clinics  or&nbsp;...


TERM: dangle intelligence
	


	Dangle (podstava in Russian intelligence jargon and ch&egrave;vre in French police and intelligence jargon) is a term used in intelligence work to refer to an agent or officer of one intelligence agency or group who pretends to be interested in defecting or turning to another intelligence agency or group.


	A person controlled by one intelligence service who is made to appear as a  lucrative and exploitable target to an opposing intelligence service. -- Also, an  asset placed within the professional or personal view of a FIS [Foreign  Intelligence Service] officer or agent with the intention of observing the actions of  and possibly&nbsp;...


	Dangle. A person sent by the intelligence agency of his or her own country who approaches an intelligence agency in the hope of being recruited as a spy so as to allow a double agent operation for the purpose of intelligence collection or disinformation.


	The chain cut-out helps to maintain the compartmentalization of the spy network,  which increases security by maintaining everyone's anonymity. The term cut-out  may also be used more generally to describe a person or agency used as a  pawn by intelligence agencies. (see also LETTERBOX). DANGLE - a dangle is a  fake&nbsp;...


	27 Sep 2006 ... agent &#x2013; A person, usually a foreign national, who has been recruited by a staff  case officer from an intelligence service to perform clandestine missions. ....  dangle operation &#x2013; An operation in which an enticing intelligence target is  dangled in front of an opposition service in hopes they will think him or her a&nbsp;...


	24 Aug 2009 ... I begin with an explanation of the benefits a theory would bring to CI work, then  define counterintelligence, break down its various aspects, and finish ..... of  double agent operation is the dangle, in which one service makes a tempting  target&#x2014;say, a military officer, diplomat, or scientist&#x2014;available to another&nbsp;...


	7. Dangle. In spy terminology, a dangle is an agent who pretends to be interested  in defecting to or joining another intelligence agency or group. The dangle  convinces the new agency that they have changed loyalties by offering to act as a  double agent. The dangle then feeds information to their original agency while  giving&nbsp;...


	intransitive verb. -&middot;gled, -&middot;gling. to hang loosely so as to swing back and forth: a  long tail dangled from the kite; to be a hanger-on; follow (after); to refer to an  implied, rather than stated, word in the sentence in which it occurs: said of a  modifier [in &#x201c;After marrying him, the house seemed more cheerful,&#x201d; &#x201c;marrying&#x201d; is a  dangling&nbsp;...


	Wiktionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: dangle(Noun). An agent of one  intelligence agency or group who pretends to be interested in defecting or turning  to another intelligence agency or group. dangle(Noun). The action of dangling; a  series of complex stick tricks and fakes in order to defeat the defender in style.


	Define dangle: to hang loosely and usually so as to be able to swing freely; to be  a hanger-on or a dependent &#x2014; dangle in a sentence.


TERM: penetration intelligence 
	


	penetration (intelligence) The recruitment of agents within or the infiltration of agents or technical monitoring devices in an organization or group for the purpose of acquiring information or of influencing its activities.


	&quot;penetration (intelligence)&quot; Definition (US DoD) The recruitment of agents within or the infiltration of agents or technical monitoring devices in an organization or group for the purpose of acquiring information or of influencing its activities.


	An agent handler directs the activities of a number of persons and sources in  order to obtain the necessary facts about the target of the intelligence gathering  operation. The two main HUMINT agent types used are infiltration and  penetration agents. An infiltration agent is someone who enters the target of the  operation from&nbsp;...


	Definition: Niche marketing is defined as channeling all marketing efforts towards  one well-defined segment of the population. There is one important thing to  understand that 'niche' does not exist, but is created by smart marketing  techniques and identifying what the customer wants. Description: Niche  marketing is a&nbsp;...


	22 May 2014 ... Next time you encounter data or trends referring to subscribers, customers or  users, you should question whether it actually represents the number of people  or the number of SIM connections. Defining mobile penetration in India:  population, subscribers and connections. Source: GSMA Intelligence, UN,&nbsp;...


	8 May 2007 ... The first objective of a mission penetration program is regular collection of current  political and economic intelligence from the installation in question. The best  source for such intelligence would of course be an in-country agent who had  access to the minutes of Politburo meetings. But given the difficult&nbsp;...


	Definition of penetrate - go into or through (something), especially with force or  effort, gain access to (an organization, place, or system), especially wh.


	Intelligence definition, capacity for learning, reasoning, understanding, and  similar forms of mental activity; aptitude in grasping truths, relationships, facts,  meanings, etc. See more.


TERM: assets intelligence
	


	In intelligence, assets are persons within organizations or countries being spied upon who provide information for an outside spy.


	Define asset (intelligence). asset (intelligence) synonyms, asset (intelligence)  pronunciation, asset (intelligence) translation, English dictionary definition of  asset (intelligence). Any resource--person, group, relationship, instrument,  installation, or supply--at the disposition of an intelligence organization for use in  an&nbsp;...


	Official definition of the United States Department of Defense term asset ( intelligence).


	intelligence asset (plural intelligence assets) (espionage) Any resource by means of which intelligence is gathered.


	intelligence-asset definition: Noun (plural intelligence assets) 1. (espionage) a  resource by means of which intelligence is gathered...


	21 Oct 2010 ... Human intelligence (HUMINT) is defined as any information that can be gathered  from human sources. The National Clandestine Service (NCS) is ... In order for  CIA assets to remain safe, NCS officers take careful measure to protect the  identity of clandestine assets. The success of NCS operations relies on&nbsp;...


	3 Sep 2014 ... &quot;Asset validation&quot;. Not every source is going to be a meaningful one. Just as a  journalist may test a source or press for other information to confirm what he or  she is being told, an intelligence asset needs to be &quot;validated&quot; &#x2014; meaning there  is a process to make sure the asset is authentic, reliable, and useful.


	9 Mar 2015 ... What would it take to enable a piece of infrastructure to take care of itself, asks  Duncan McFarlane of the Cambridge Centre for Smart Infrastructure? What might  asset intelligence mean in an infrastructure context? That was the question I was  recently asked to provide a view on at a meeting on Infrastructure&nbsp;...


	14 May 2015 ... The Asset Intelligence catalog provides software license information for software  titles that are being used, both of Microsoft and of non-Microsoft software. A  predefined set of hardware requirements for software titles is available in the  Asset Intelligence catalog, and you can create new user-defined&nbsp;...


TERM: case officer
	


	Definition of case officer. : an intelligence officer who recruits agents and manages their activities.


	Definition of case officer - A person who administers or is in charge of a case;  specifically an intelligence agent who directs or manages the activities of a.


	Define case officer. case officer synonyms, case officer pronunciation, case  officer translation, English dictionary definition of case officer. Noun 1. case  officer - an operative who also serves as an official staffer of an intelligence  service action officer - the case officer designated to...


	Types: action officer. the case officer designated to perform an act during a clandestine operation (especially in a hostile area) Type of: intelligence agent, intelligence officer, operative, secret agent. a person secretly employed in espionage for a government.


	A professional employee of an intelligence or counterintelligence organization,  who is responsible for providing directions for an agent operation and/or  handling intelligence assets. FK Reading Ease. -46.2. FK Grade Level. Graduate  School. Endorse (22). Share. Flag. Case Officer. from OPSEC Glossary of Terms ( 2014)


	Noun[edit]. case officer (plural case officers). A person assigned to manage a  client's affairs. In intelligence organisations, a person who manages a network of  agents.


	case-officer definition: Noun (plural case officers) 1. A person assigned to  manage a client's affairs. 2. In intelligence organisations, a person who manages  an intelligence officer....


	By definition, an &quot;agent&quot; acts on behalf of another, whether another individual, an  organization, or a foreign government. Agents can be considered either witting or  unwitting, and in some cases, willing or unwilling. Agents typically work under the  direction of a principal agent or a case officer. When agents work alone, and&nbsp;...


	We all see and hear bits and pieces that, on the surface, mean nothing. Bits of  data, unrelated in themselves, come together to make up a picture we know as  intelligence. To gather these bits and pieces, the case officers of the CIA rely on  field agents -- foreign nationals who live and work as part of the indigenous  backdrop&nbsp;...


	Definition of case officer in the Definitions.net dictionary. Meaning of case officer.  What does case officer mean? Information and translations of case officer in the  most comprehensive dictionary definitions resource on the web.


TERM: agent 
	Definition of agent for English Language Learners. : a person who does business for another person : a person who acts on behalf of another. : a person who tries to get secret information about another country, government, etc. : a person or thing that causes something to happen.


	Define agency: the office or function of an agent; the relationship between a  principal and that person's agent &#x2014; agency in a sentence.


	a person or business authorized to act on another's behalf: ... a person or thing that acts or has the power to act. 3. a natural force or object producing or used for obtaining specific results: Many insects are agents of fertilization.


	Definition of agent: Party that has express (oral or written) or implied authority to  act for another (the principal) so as to bring the principal into contractual  relationships with other parties. An agent is under the ...


	agent meaning, definition, what is agent: a person who acts for or represents  another: . Learn more.


	Agent may refer to: Contents. [hide]. 1 In law. 1.1 In intelligence and law  enforcement; 1.2 Other uses in law. 2 In economics; 3 In science and technology.  3.1 In biology, chemistry and weaponry; 3.2 In computer science; 3.3 In linguistics . 4 In arts and entertainment. 4.1 In film and television; 4.2 In music. 4.2.1 Songs.


	Define agent. agent synonyms, agent pronunciation, agent translation, English  dictionary definition of agent. n. 1. One that acts or has the power or authority to  act. 2. One empowered to act for or represent another: an author's agent; an  insurance agent. 3.


	Definition: An agent is a person who represents an insurance firm and sells  insurance policies on its behalf. Description: Generally, there are two types of  such agents who reach the prospective parties that may be interested in buying  insurance. These are independent agents and captive or exclusive agents.  Independent&nbsp;...


	An agent is defined as someone or something that makes something happen. A  bee taking pollen from flower to flower is an example of the bee being an agent  for pollination. The definition of an agent is a person or group of people that  represent another person or that takes action for other people. Someone who&nbsp;...


	agent meaning, definition, what is agent: a person or company that represents  anot...: Learn more.


TERM: intelligence officer
	


	An Intelligence Officer is a person employed by an organization to collect, compile and/or analyze information (known as intelligence) which is of use to that organization.


	Intelligence officer definition: a member of the Intelligence Corps | Meaning,  pronunciation, translations and examples.


	17 Oct 2017 ... Intelligence Officer. The Service is always looking for talented and skilled  individuals to join our team. Diversity is not only part of the Service's culture it is a  core business strategy. ... Good knowledge of the Service's mandate, threats as  defined in the CSIS Act and priorities regarding the security of Canada.


	Definition of intelligence officer. : a staff officer who gathers, evaluates, interprets, and disseminates intelligence and attempts to thwart enemy attempts to gather such information. First Known Use: 1914.


	Define intelligence officer. intelligence officer synonyms, intelligence officer  pronunciation, intelligence officer translation, English dictionary definition of  intelligence officer. Noun 1. intelligence officer - a person secretly employed in  espionage for a government intelligence agent, operative, secret agent agent - a &nbsp;...


	Definition of Intelligence Officers in the Legal Dictionary - by Free online English  dictionary and encyclopedia. What is Intelligence Officers? Meaning of  Intelligence Officers as a legal term. What does Intelligence Officers mean in law?


	Intelligence officer definition, a military officer responsible for collecting and  processing data on hostile forces, weather, and terrain. See more.


	27 Oct 2017 ... Job description. Intelligence Officers provide military intelligence support in  operations, planning and decision-making. Their work has an impact on military  and national security, and the political and public relations of the government.  The primary responsibilities of Intelligence Officers are to: Recognize&nbsp;...


	a person secretly employed in espionage for a government.


	Definition of Intelligence Officer &#x2013; Our online dictionary has Intelligence Officer  information from Encyclopedia of Espionage, Intelligence, and Security dictionary . Encyclopedia.com: English, psychology and medical dictionaries.


TERM: resident
	3 Dec 2017 ... Definition of resident. 1 : one who resides in a place. 2 : a diplomatic agent residing at a foreign court or seat of government; especially : one exercising authority in a protected state as representative of the protecting power. 3 : a physician serving a residency.


	Resident definition, a person who resides in a place. See more.


	Definition of resident - a person who lives somewhere permanently or on a long- term basis, a medical graduate engaged in specialized practice under supervi.


	Non-citizen allowed by a state to have his or her temporary or permanent residence within its political boundaries, and to have the right to be an employee or employer. ... Also called resident alien. See also citizen and domicile.


	Definition of resident in the Legal Dictionary - by Free online English dictionary  and encyclopedia. What is resident? Meaning of resident as a legal term. What  does resident mean in law?


	Define resident. resident synonyms, resident pronunciation, resident translation,  English dictionary definition of resident. n. 1. One who resides in a particular  place permanently or for an extended period, as: a. A diplomatic official residing  in a foreign seat of government.


	Resident definition: The residents of a house or area are the people who live  there. | Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.


	Resident: In medicine, a physician who has finished medical school and is  receiving training in a specialized area, such as surgery, internal medicine,  pathology, or radiology. Board certification in all medical and surgical specialties  requires the satisfactory completion of a residency program and successful  completion of a&nbsp;...


	resident meaning, definition, what is resident: a person who lives or has their  home in a place: . Learn more.


	College students qualify for in-state tuition if they choose a school in the same  state in which they are a resident. Licensed from GettyImages. adjective.  Resident is defined as living somewhere on a long-term basis or working  somewhere in-house. An example of a phrase using resident as an adjective is a  resident Floridian&nbsp;...


TERM: NOC (Non-official cover)
	


	In espionage, agents under non-official cover (NOC) are operatives who assume covert roles in organizations without official ties to the government for which they work. Such agents or operatives are typically abbreviated in espionage lingo as a NOC (pronounced /n&#x252;k/ NOK).


	19 Oct 2003 ... It's not every woman who runs a background check on a guy who's asking her out  on a date. But if you were a secret agent working undercover, you would be extra  careful too. In 1997 Valerie Plame was being courted by a man who had served  as a U.S. diplomat in nine countries, many in Africa, and&nbsp;...


	CIA's Non-Official Cover (NOC) Clandestine Intelligence Program Caled &#x201c; Colossal Flop&#x201d;. December 8, 2014. CIA's anti-terrorism effort called 'colossal flop'.  Ken Dilanian. Los Angeles Times. December 8, 2013. WASHINGTON &#x2014; Several  years ago, a senior officer in the CIA clandestine service attended a closed-door &nbsp;...


	Defined Term is a resource of legal, industry-specific, and uncommon defined  terms to help lawyers draft more clearly, concisely, and accurately.


	Term used by case officers who operate overseas outside the usual diplomatic  cover. Also, NOC, pronounced as &#x201c;knock,&#x201d; an acronym for &#x201c;nonofficial cover.&#x201d;  Primarily a CIA term used where one is operating without cover of diplomatic  protection or US government employment.


	30 Sep 2003 ... Nonofficial cover. NOCs (the word rhymes with &quot;rocks&quot;) are the most covert CIA operatives. They typically work abroad without diplomatic protection (often they pretend to work for some commercial enterprise). If these spies are caught, there's no guarantee that the United States would admit their true identities.


	10 Dec 2013 ... These case officers, who operate without diplomatic immunity, are known at the  CIA as non-official-cover, or NOCs. They typically pose as business executives,  students, academics, journalists, or non-profit agency workers, among other  covers. The idea is that working outside of American embassies and&nbsp;...


	25 Jul 2005 ... A rarer and more dangerous job category is &#x201c;nonofficial cover&#x201d; &#x2014; or &#x201c;NOC&#x201d; ( pronounced knock) &#x2014; in which CIA officers pose as employees of international  corporations, as scientists or as members of other professions. Such covers tend  to provide a plausible reason to work long periods overseas and&nbsp;...


	Freebase(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: Non-official cover. In espionage,  agents under non-official cover are operatives who assume covert roles in  organizations without ties to the government for which they work. Such agents or  operatives are typically abbreviated in espionage lingo as a NOC. These agents  are also&nbsp;...


	Noun[edit]. non-official cover (plural non-official covers). (espionage) The  assumption of a covert role in an organization which does not have ties to the  government of the operative in question. Abbreviations[edit]. NOC. Antonyms[edit ]. official cover. Hypernyms[edit]. cover. Translations[edit]. &plusmn;show &#x25bd;assumption of  a covert&nbsp;...


TERM: illegal
	Definition of illegal. : not according to or authorized by law : unlawful, illicit; also : not sanctioned by official rules (as of a game) &#x2014;


	1, 2. Illegal, unlawful, illegitimate, illicit, criminal can all describe actions not in accord with law. Illegal refers most specifically to violations of statutes or, in organized athletics, codified rules: an illegal seizure of property; an illegal block(in football). Unlawful means.


	Definition of illegal - contrary to or forbidden by law, especially criminal law.


	illegal meaning, definition, what is illegal: not allowed by law: . Learn more.


	The definition of illegal is a person not permitted to be in a country or an act that  is against the law. An example of illegal as an adjective is the phrase an illegal  person, who is someone who is still in the United States after their tourist visa has  run out. An example of illegal as an adjective is the phrase an illegal act, which is &nbsp;...


	Define illegal. illegal synonyms, illegal pronunciation, illegal translation, English  dictionary definition of illegal. adj. 1. Prohibited by law. 2. Prohibited by official  rules: an illegal pass in football. 3. Unacceptable to or not performable by a  computer: an illegal...


	Something illegal is against the law or breaks the rules. If you're reading this in  jail, you've probably done something illegal, and if you're not in jail, there's plenty  of time to obey the law.


	Illegal definition: If something is illegal , the law says that it is not allowed . |  Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.


	Wiktionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition: illegal(Noun). An illegal immigrant.  illegal(Noun). An illegal resident spy. illegal(Adjective). Contrary to or forbidden  by law, especially criminal law. illegal(Adjective). Not permitted by rules. Moving  a pawn backward is an illegal move in chess. illegal(Adjective). Totally fictitious&nbsp;...


	Definition of illegal written for English Language Learners from the Merriam- Webster Learner's Dictionary with audio pronunciations, usage examples, and  count/noncount noun labels.


TERM: legend
	3 days ago ... Definition of legend for English Language Learners. : a story from the past that is believed by many people but cannot be proved to be true. : a famous or important person who is known for doing something extremely well. : a list that explains the symbols on a map.


	a nonhistorical or unverifiable story handed down by tradition from earlier times and popularly accepted as historical. 2. the body of stories of this kind, especially as they relate to a particular people, group, or clan: the winning of the West in American legend. 3.


	1A traditional story sometimes popularly regarded as historical but not authenticated. ... 2An extremely famous or notorious person, especially in a particular field. ... Middle English (in the sense &#x2018;story of a saint's life&#x2019;): from Old French legende, from medieval Latin legenda ...


	legend meaning, definition, what is legend: a very old story or set of stories from  ancient times, or the stories, not always true&#x2026;. Learn more.


	Legend definition: A legend is a very old and popular story that may be true . |  Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.


	A legend is a narrative of human actions that are perceived both by teller and  listeners to take place within human history and demonstrating human values,  and which possesses certain qualities that give the tale verisimilitude. Legend,  for its active and passive participants, includes no happenings that are outside  the realm&nbsp;...


	A person who embodies the pinnacle of all the important social aspects. Any  person who is funny, reckless, original and sensitive in the right measures is  likely to be nominated a legend by his associates. A person to whose persona  you aspire.


	Definition of legend written for English Language Learners from the Merriam- Webster Learner's Dictionary with audio pronunciations, usage examples, and  count/noncount noun labels.


	Define legend (noun) and get synonyms. What is legend (noun)? legend (noun)  meaning, pronunciation and more by Macmillan Dictionary.


	Define legend. legend synonyms, legend pronunciation, legend translation,  English dictionary definition of legend. n. 1. a. An unverified story handed down  from earlier times, especially one popularly believed to be historical. b. A body or  collection of such stories.


TERM: covert operatives
	


	A covert operation differs from a clandestine operation in that emphasis is placed on concealment of identity of sponsor rather than on concealment of the operation.&quot; The United States Department of Defense definition has been used by the United States and NATO since World War II.


	A covert operation differs from a clandestine operation in that emphasis is placed on concealment of identity of sponsor rather than on concealment of the operation.


	Define covert operation. covert operation synonyms, covert operation  pronunciation, covert operation translation, English dictionary definition of covert  operation. An operation that is so planned ... Investigative Operations: Use of  Covert Testing to Identify Security Vulnerabilities and Fraud, Waste, and Abuse.  Lloyd Morgan&nbsp;...


	Covert operations mean a military, intelligence or law enforcement operation  planned and executed to conceal the identity of the sponsor. It is often carried  clandestinely outside official channels.


	The one and only add-on pack for Command &amp; Conquer: Tiberian Dawn. &quot;The  Covert Operations&quot; simply adds some very difficult missions into the wonderful  game. Those Covert Operations missions were really, really irritating. But fun! by  Joseph D. Collins May 01, 2005. 4 5. Get the mug. Get a Covert Operations mug  for&nbsp;...


	According to the USA Department of Defense Dictionary of Military and  Associated Terms, a Covert operation is &quot;an operation that is so planned and  executed as to conceal the identity of or permit plausible denial by the sponsor.&quot; It  is intended to create a political effect which can have implications in the military,  intelligence&nbsp;...


	E&#x15f;ref was one of the &quot;self-sacrificing officers&quot; who coalesced around Pasha,  taking a role in his Special Organization, Te&#x15f;kilat-&#x131; Mahsusa, which handled  sensitive issues such as intelligence gathering and covert operations. TimeSep  12, 2017. PrevNext&nbsp;...


	Covert operations cover a wide range of activities the US document NSC 10/2  published in June 1948 defined them as comprising of &quot;Propaganda, economic  warfare, preventive direct action, including sabotage, demolition and evacuation  measures; subversion against hostile states, including assistance to  underground&nbsp;...


	Define covert: not openly shown, engaged in, or avowed : veiled; covered over :  sheltered &#x2014; covert in a sentence. ... He has taken part in a number of covert  military operations. spy agencies taking covert ... Prosecutors are implicating all  three in covert work for pro-Russian Ukrainian interests, the heart of the criminal  case.


	30 Jan 2014 ... Covert Operations. The DOD Pub 1 definition is: &#x201c;An operation that is so planned  and executed as to conceal the identity of or permit plausible denial by the  sponsor.&#x201d; Covert operations are largely special operations, whether by dedicated  SOF troops, task-organized general-purpose forces, third-nation&nbsp;...


TERM: national security operatives
	The U.S. Armed Forces defines national security of the United States in the following manner : A collective term encompassing both national defense and foreign relations of the United States. Specifically, the condition provided by: a. a military or defense advantage over any foreign nation or group of nations; b.


	The National Security Agency (NSA) is a national-level intelligence agency of the  United States Department of Defense, under the authority of the Director of  National Intelligence. The NSA is responsible for global monitoring, collection,  and processing of information and data for foreign intelligence and  counterintelligence&nbsp;...


	The National Security Agency (NSA) is the official U.S. cryptologic (the science of  cryptographic design and decryption) organization. ... The director of NSA/CSS,  in accordance with a Department of Defense (DoD) directive, must be a high- ranking (at least 3 stars) commissioned officer of the ... See complete definition&nbsp;...


	National Security Agency synonyms, National Security Agency pronunciation,  National Security Agency translation, English dictionary definition of National ... of  the National Security Agency and the Directorate of Military Intelligence arrested  three terrorists have carried out cowardly terrorist operations in different areas of &nbsp;...


	The foundation for the development of valid national objectives that define US  goals or purposes. National security interests include preserving US political  identity, framework, and institutions; fostering economic well-being; and  bolstering international order supporting the vital interests of the United States  and its allies.


	Definition of National Security Council in the Legal Dictionary - by Free online  English dictionary and encyclopedia. What is National Security Council?  Meaning of National Security Council as a legal term. What does National  Security Council mean in law?


	15 Aug 2011 ... Luwellyn Landers, the MP leading deliberations on the bill for the ruling party,  proposed that lawmakers not seek to define national security - set out in the bill  as the sole basis for any decision to classify information - and leave it up to courts  and intelligence operatives to interpret the concept. He argued&nbsp;...


	National security definition at Dictionary.com, a free online dictionary with  pronunciation, synonyms and translation. Look it up now!


	National Security Council definition, the council, composed of the president, vice  president, secretary of state, secretary of defense, director of the Central  Intelligence Agency and the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, that determines  means by which domestic, foreign, and military policy can best be integrated for&nbsp;...


	Besides prescribing and overseeing certain security principles and procedures for the U.S. government, and conducting certain foreign intelligence operations, the NSA regulates certain communications channels and operates a national computer security center in support of its defense mission.


TERM: operations officers
	


	Chief operating officer. ... The COO is responsible for the daily operation of the company, and routinely reports to the highest ranking executive, usually the chief executive officer (CEO). The COO is usually the second in command at the firm, especially if the highest ranking executive is the Chairman and CEO.


	3 Nov 2016 ... A Chief Operating Officer (COO) is the corporate executive who oversees ongoing business operations within the company. The COO reports to the CEO and is usually second-in-command within the company.


	What is a 'Chief Operating Officer - COO'. The COO is tasked with the day-to-day  administration and operation of the business. Typically, the COO reports directly  to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and is considered second in command. In  some corporations, the COO is also known as the Executive Vice President of&nbsp;...


	When Larry Ellison, founder and CEO of Oracle, and his chief operating officer,  Ray Lane, parted ways in 2000, the event inspired the kind of breathless  reporting usually reserved ... If the COO role is defined primarily in relation to the  CEO, and no two CEOs are exactly alike, does that mean the job simply defies  definition?


	21 Apr 2007 ... All Directorate of Operations (DO) officers are hired at an entry level and train as  they are expected to work &#x2013; as one team. DO officers begin their careers  spending one to two years learning the foundations of clandestine operational  tradecraft via classroom training, practical exercises, and on-the-job&nbsp;...


	Use this COO job description template to recruit a talented chief operating officer.  This sample job description can be customized for online job boards.


	28502 Operations Officer jobs available on Indeed.com. Operations Officer, Title  Examiner, Chief Financial Officer and more!


	The chief operating officer (COO) is responsible for executing and implementing  the operational directives set by the CEO and the board of directors. Whereas the  CEO is responsible for the overall leadership of the company, the COO is  responsible for the day-to-day execution.


	Operations Officer. Focused on driving the growth of the private sector in  emerging markets, Operations Officers provide advice, problem solving, and  training to companies, industries, and governments. They structure and manage  Advisory Services programs, ensure quality control and benchmark against best  practice,&nbsp;...


	Define chief operating officer. chief operating officer synonyms, chief operating  officer pronunciation, chief operating officer translation, English dictionary  definition of chief operating officer. Noun 1. chief operating officer - the corporate  executive responsible for the operations of the firm; reports to a board of directors ; may&nbsp;...


TERM: "extreme prejudice"
	


	In military and other covert operations, terminate with extreme prejudice is a euphemism for aggressive execution (playing on the expression &quot;termination with prejudice&quot; of an employment contract).


	Extreme Prejudice is an American action film starring Nick Nolte and Powers Boothe, originally released in 1987. ... The title originates from &quot;terminate with extreme prejudice&quot;, a phrase popularized by the 1979 film Apocalypse Now, also written by John Milius.


	1960s, US military intelligence and CIA, used publicly in 1969, in news coverage  of Green Beret Case, further popularized in 1979 movie Apocalypse Now. Play  on the term &#x201c;terminate with prejudice&#x201d; when an employee's employment is  terminated, meaning &#x201c;will not rehire employee to same position in future&#x201d; (i.e.,  prejudiced&nbsp;...


	Verb. (euphemistic, US) To murder; to assassinate. The government ordered the  spies to be terminated with extreme prejudice: they did not want them to expose  what they knew in a public trial. Related terms. without prejudice. Origin. 1960s,  US military intelligence and CIA, used publicly in 1969, in news coverage of  Green&nbsp;...


	extreme prejudice definition, meaning, English dictionary, synonym, see also ' extreme unction',extreme unction',extremely',extremeness', Reverso dictionary,  English definition, English vocabulary.


	A single-minded action -- usually in reference to an aggressive act of killing  something or someone.


	Top definition. terminate with extreme prejudiceunknown. (verb) Kill. Allegedly a  bit of CIA humor. Agent: &quot;If we're pulling out, what will we do with the spies and  informers we've been using? They know too much.&quot; Boss: &quot;Terminate with  extreme prejudice.&quot; #kill#liquidate#neutralize#remove#erase#eliminate#fit with  concrete&nbsp;...


	with extreme prejudice: to kill, to assassinate. Hence termination with extreme  prejudice. U.S. slang. [1972 B. F. Conners Don't embarrass Bureau (1973) ii. 99] &quot; A few years ago when he wanted an agent out of the organization he ended up  dismissing him with extreme prejudice.&quot; &quot;You mean he had him&nbsp;...


	Definition of extreme prejudice with German, Dutch, French, Italian, and Spanish  translations and search. Pronunciation sound files.


	22 Apr 2015


TERM: DO-Directorate of Operations
	SSOs conduct and/or directly support CIA operations leveraging their language,  media, technical skills and/or military experience. Qualified candidates can  expect to focus on human intelligence operations and activities as defined by the  Intelligence Community. Officers in this career track will&nbsp;...


	21 Apr 2007 ... Be accountable to the President, Congress, and the American public to  strengthen national security and foreign policy objectives through the clandestine  collection of human intelligence (HUMINT) and by conducting Covert Action as  directed by the President &#x2013; this is what you'll do in the CIA's Directorate of&nbsp;...


	21 Apr 2007 ... All Directorate of Operations (DO) officers are hired at an entry level and train as  they are expected to work &#x2013; as one team. DO officers begin their careers  spending one to two years learning the foundations of clandestine operational  tradecraft via classroom training, practical exercises, and on-the-job&nbsp;...


	23 Mar 2007 ... The Directorate of Operations (DO) serves as the clandestine arm of the Central  Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the national authority for the coordination, de- confliction, and evaluation of clandestine operations across the Intelligence  Community of the United States. Learn more about the DO: Who We Are&nbsp;...


	The Central Intelligence Agency's (CIA) National Clandestine Service (NCS),  which was formerly called the Directorate of Operations, was created in October  2005 in response to the September 11, 2001 terror attacks. It was discovered,  through a 9/11 Commission investigation, that the agency's human source  intelligence&nbsp;...


	Operations employees generally have the following types of responsibilities,  depending on the level of job and type of employer... ... At the Operations Director  level you will oversee a number of Operations Managers, each overseeing their  specific area. You will be making large scale recommendations on creating&nbsp;...


	Define directorate. directorate synonyms, directorate pronunciation, directorate  translation, English dictionary definition of directorate. n. ... P754: The Integrated  Country Program Team Department, within the NAVICP International Programs  FMS Operations Directorate, provides customer service and supply support for  FMS&nbsp;...


	Prospective students searching for Director of Operations: Job Description &amp;  Requirements found the following resources, articles, links, and information  helpful. ... According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), the employment  of top executives will increase by 6% between 2014 and 2024. There were  238,940 chief&nbsp;...


	14 Oct 2016 ... The Office of Operations Coordination provides information daily to the Secretary  of Homeland Security, senior leaders, and the homeland security enterprise to  enable decision-making; oversees the National Operations Center; and leads the  Department's Continuity of Operations and Government&nbsp;...


TERM: NCS-National Clandestine Service
	


	Sponsored School Search. The National Clandestine Service (NCS) is the undercover arm of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the authority on all clandestine operations throughout the world that concerns the nation's intelligence community.


	Directorate of Operations (CIA) ... The DO &quot;serves as the clandestine arm of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the national authority for the coordination, de-confliction, and evaluation of clandestine operations across the Intelligence Community of the United States&quot;.


	National Clandestine Service (NCS) is a semi-independent directorate-level  service within the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in U.S. NCS serves as the  clandestine arm of the Central Intelligence.


	23 Mar 2007 ... The Directorate of Operations (DO) serves as the clandestine arm of the Central  Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the national authority for the coordination, de- confliction, and evaluation of clandestine operations across the Intelligence  Community of the United States. Learn more about the DO: Who We Are&nbsp;...


	The NCS operates as the clandestine arm of the CIA, and serves as the national  authority for the coordination, deconfliction, and evaluation of clandestine human  intelligence operations across the Intelligence Community. The NCS supports  our country's security and foreign policy interests by conducting clandestine&nbsp;...


	How is National Clandestine Service (US Central Intelligence Agency)  abbreviated? NCS stands for National Clandestine Service (US Central  Intelligence Agency). NCS is defined as National Clandestine Service (US  Central Intelligence Agency) very frequently.


	Acronym, Definition. NCS, National Clandestine Service (US Central Intelligence  Agency). NCS, National Compensation Survey. NCS, Nerve Conduction Studies.  NCS, National Communications System (US Department of Homeland Security).  NCS, Net Control Station (ITS). NCS, Natural Color System. NCS, National&nbsp;...


	17 Aug 2015 ... The National Clandestine Service (NCS) is the clandestine arm of the Central  Intelligence Agency and coordinates clandestine operations across the US  Intelligence Community. The NCS was created on 13 October 2005. Its role was  previously played by the Directorate of Plans from 1952 to 1973, and by&nbsp;...


	The National Clandestine Service (NCS) is the main U.S. intelligence agency (in  the series) for collecting human intelligence, and is a semi-independent division  of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).


	What does NCS mean? meaning of NCS. Short form of National Clandestine  Service. What does NCS stands for in Governmental Military ?


TERM: SAD-Special Activities Division
	


	The Special Activities Division (SAD) is a division of the United States Central Intelligence Agency responsible for covert operations. Within SAD there are two separate groups: SAD/SOG for tactical paramilitary operations and SAD/PAG for covert political action.


	CIA Special Activities Division (SAD) / Special Operations Group. The Special Activities Division (SAD) is the Central Intelligence Agency's (CIA) covert paramilitary operations unit.


	22 May 2014 ... I have realized from reading news stories, blog posts, wiki sites, and the often  hilarious (and pathetically inaccurate) tweets, that the Special Activities Division ( SAD) is the most misunderstood division of the Central Intelligence Agency. This  is saying quite a bit considering the extremely vague and&nbsp;...


	A (publicly available) overview is nicely described on Wikipedia: Special  Activities Division. Hope this helps. Yes, it does mention that rigging elections (or  in general, covert political action) is undertaken by a subdivision of SAD knows  as Po...


	The Special Activities Division (SAD) is a division of the United States Central  Intelligence Agency's National Clandestine Service, responsible for covert ....  This order defined covert action as &quot;special activities&quot;, both political and military,  that the US Government could legally deny and granted them exclusively to the  CIA.


	9 Mar 2014 ... Many people believe the Delta Force and DEVGRU(SEAL Team 6) are America's  most elite force but CIA SAD/SOG are even more selective requiring extreme.


	CIA SAD-SOG (a realistic discussion) ... not a lot of information out there about  who manages to get in as a Paramilitary Operations Officer to the Special  Activities Division (SAD) or its Special Operations Group (SOG) component. ...  Anyone find any other specifics, beyond what is given on the careers section of  the website?


	30 Jun 2015


TERM: disinformation
	Definition of disinformation. : false information deliberately and often covertly spread (as by the planting of rumors) in order to influence public opinion or obscure the truth. First Known Use: 1939.


	Disinformation is false information spread deliberately to deceive. The English word disinformation is a translation of the Russian dezinformatsiya, derived from the title of a KGB black propaganda department. ... The word disinformation did not appear in English dictionaries until the late-1980s.


	Definition of disinformation - false information which is intended to mislead,  especially propaganda issued by a government organization to a rival power or  the.


	Disinformation definition, false information, as about a country's military strength  or plans, publicly announced or planted in the news media, especially of other  countries. See more.


	Disinformation is a type of untrue communication that is knowingly represented  as information to elicit a response that serves the perpetrator's purpose. The term  contrasts with misinformation, which is also false but presented as truth because  the communicator does not have the facts straight.


	15 Apr 2014 ... I looked up &quot;disinformation&quot; which according to dictionary means &quot;false  information that is given deliberately, especially by government organizations&quot;  and &quot;Misinform&quot; as a verb means &quot;to give somebody wrong information about  something&quot;. However, there is no explanation of the word &quot;Misinformation&quot; as a&nbsp;...


	Intent. Misinformation is information that is false, but the person who is  disseminating it believes that it is true. Disinformation is information that is false,  and the person who is disseminating it knows it is false. It is a deliberate, inte...


	12 Aug 2008 ... These words have different meanings. Misinformation is an old word meaning  incorrect or inaccurate information: In the popular press there is much  misinformation about the mechanics of gene expression. Disinformation is a  newer word meaning information intended to deceive. Persuading the population &nbsp;...


	Definition of disinformation: Information that seems truthful, relevant and based  on unbiased facts, but has been concocted to mislead the recipient in order to  attain fraudulent monetary, military, political, or religious ...


	Synonyms for disinformation at Thesaurus.com with free online thesaurus,  antonyms, and definitions. Dictionary and Word of the Day.


TERM: DCI-Director of Central Intelligence
	


	The Office of United States Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) was the head of the American Central Intelligence Agency from 1946 to 2005, acting as the principal intelligence advisor to the President of the United States and the United States National Security Council, as well as the coordinator of intelligence ...


	The Director of the Central Intelligence Agency (D/CIA) is a statutory office (50 U.S.C. &sect; 3036) which functions as the head of the Central Intelligence Agency, which in turn is a part of the United States Intelligence Community.


	15 Apr 2007 ... For nearly six decades, the director of central intelligence (DCI) headed the  world's most important intelligence agency and oversaw the largest, most ..... Bay  of Pigs disaster under Dulles, the ineffective covert action in Chile under Helms,  and the Iran-Contra scandal under Casey are prominent examples.


	29 Jan 2016 ... George H.W. Bush's tenure as Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) marked a  turning point for the Agency as it came out of a period of great controversy. ....  Briefers appealed to his business instincts by discussing the finances of the  Agency and using economic metaphors to explain key points. Carter was&nbsp;...


	The CIA is headed by a director and deputy director, only one of whom may be a  military officer. The director of central intelligence (DCI) serves as the chief  intelligence adviser to the president of the United States. This is a chronologically  ordered list of the directors, from the earliest to the most recent. Rear Adm.  Sidney W.


	9 Sep 2017


	Director of Central Intelligence synonyms, Director of Central Intelligence  pronunciation, Director of Central Intelligence translation, English dictionary  definition of Director of Central ... Director of Central Intelligence - the head of the  United States Intelligence Community and director of the Central Intelligence  Agency DCI...


	The following year the National Security Act of 1947 created the Central  Intelligence Agency and National Security Council, while formally defining the  duties of the Director of Central Intelligence. The duties of the DCI had been  further defined over the years by tradition, congressional acts, and Executive  Orders.


	How is Director of Central Intelligence abbreviated? DCI stands for Director of  Central Intelligence. DCI is defined as Director of Central Intelligence very  frequently.


	17 Dec 2004 ... The creation of the position of DNI ended the 57-year reign of the Director of  Central Intelligence (DCI) as the nation's chief intelligence officer. .... Helms  writes that &quot;the precise delimitations of authority and responsibility&quot; between the  DCI and Secretary of Defense &quot;remains vague and ill-defined although&nbsp;...


TERM: Deutch Rules
	Englisch-Deutsch-&Uuml;bersetzung f&uuml;r rules im Online-W&ouml;rterbuch dict.cc ( Deutschw&ouml;rterbuch).


	Advent has arrived, and to help you count down to Christmas LEO has designed  a new LEO Advent calendar filled with Christmas 'goodies'. The doors are  eagerly waiting to be opened as of 1st December! Danke! This year we have  once again been overwhelmed by the support we have received from you &#x2013;  either by&nbsp;...


	&Uuml;bersetzung im Kontext von &#x201e;Rules Define&#x201c; in Englisch-Deutsch von Reverso  Context: define rules, define the rules, rules that define.


	Rules for articles in German grammar. Der for masculine gender, die for feminine  gender and das neutral gender.


	Rule definition: Rules are instructions that tell you what you are allowed to do  and what you are not... | Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.


	German is a West Germanic language that is mainly spoken in Central Europe. It  is the most widely spoken and (co-) official language in Germany, Austria,  Switzerland, South Tyrol (Italy), the German-speaking Community of Belgium,  and Liechtenstein. It is also one of the three official languages of Luxembourg.


	German grammar is the set of structural rules of the German language, which in  many respects is quite similar to that of the other Germanic languages. German  grammar. Nouns &middot; Verbs &middot; Articles &middot; Adjectives &middot; Pronouns &middot; Adverbial phrases &middot;  Conjugation &middot; Sentence structure &middot; Declension &middot; Modal particles &middot; v &middot; t &middot; e. Although &nbsp;...


	Basic Scientific Vocabulary This exercise lets you practice the genders of the  nouns in the Basic Scientific Vocabulary for Scientific German 232. There are  over 80 items; ... Most non-German rivers, der Mississippi, der Mekong, der Nil,  der Amazonas. Most nouns ... -ung, die Landung [=landing], die Bedeutung [= meaning].


	There is a great new tool that has a section for learning the patterns of German  gender. When you get into ... &quot;A rule of thumb is that if the noun ends on the letter  'e', in 8 out of 10 cases the noun will be feminine.&quot; Yes, there are ... It would be  nice if someone could explain in layman-terms what the real purpose of gender is .


TERM: Counterespionage
	Definition of counterespionage. : the activity concerned with detecting and thwarting enemy espionage. First Known Use: 1899. See counterespionage defined for English-language learners.


	Espionage and counter-espionage have greatly flourished during the war. It was the certainty of retaliation which kept the actual war a cold one&#x2014;a war of provocation and trickery and counter-espionage, but not of mutual extermination. Translations of &#x201c;counter-espionage&#x201d;.


	Counterintelligence refers to information gathered and activities conducted to protect against espionage, other intelligence activities, sabotage, or assassinations conducted for or on behalf of foreign powers, organizations or persons or international terrorist activities, sometimes including personnel, physical, ...


	Counterespionage definition, the detection and frustration of enemy espionage.  See more.


	Counterespionage definition: activities designed to detect and counteract enemy  espionage | Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.


	Counter-espionage definition: Counter-espionage is the same as &#x2192; counter- intelligence . | Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.


	Definition of counter-espionage - activities designed to prevent or thwart spying  by an enemy.


	intelligence activities concerned with identifying and counteracting the threat to  security posed by hostile intelligence organizations or by individuals engaged in  espionage or sabotage or subversion or terrorism. Word Family.  counterespionage. espionageespionagescounterespionage. the &quot;espionage&quot;  family.


	Define counterespionage. counterespionage synonyms, counterespionage  pronunciation, counterespionage translation, English dictionary definition of  counterespionage. n. Espionage undertaken to detect and counteract enemy  espionage. n activities designed to detect and counteract enemy espionage n.  the detection&nbsp;...


	English[edit]. Alternative forms[edit]. counter-espionage. Etymology[edit]. From  counter- + espionage. Noun[edit]. counterespionage (uncountable). All those  activities undertaken to neutralize or exploit the espionage activities of another  nation or an enemy. Synonyms[edit]. counterintelligence. Translations[edit].


TERM: Counterintelligence
	Definition of counterintelligence. : organized activity of an intelligence service designed to block an enemy's sources of information, to deceive the enemy, to prevent sabotage, and to gather political and military information.


	Counterintelligence refers to information gathered and activities conducted to protect against espionage, other intelligence activities, sabotage, or assassinations conducted for or on behalf of foreign powers, organizations or persons or international terrorist activities, sometimes including personnel, physical, ...


	Counterintelligence definition, the activity of an intelligence service employed in  thwarting the efforts of an enemy's intelligence agents to gather information or  commit sabotage. See more.


	counterintelligence meaning, definition, what is counterintelligence: secret action  taken by a country to prevent another country from discovering its&#x2026;. Learn more.


	Define counterintelligence. counterintelligence synonyms, counterintelligence  pronunciation, counterintelligence translation, English dictionary definition of  counterintelligence. n. The branch of an intelligence service charged with  keeping sensitive information from an enemy, deceiving that enemy, preventing  subversion&nbsp;...


	Counterintelligence definition: activities designed to frustrate enemy espionage |  Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.


	8 May 2007 ... CI history is full of such examples. The FBI is making cases against Americans  today that involved espionage committed in the 1960s and 1970s. The Army's  Foreign Counterintelligence Activity is doing the same. The name of the game in  CI is persistence. CI officers who are not patient need not apply.


	Information and activity that helps to expose or eliminate spying or terrorist  threats is counterintelligence. One of the things the CIA is responsible for is  counterintelligence.


	Definition of counterintelligence in US English - activities designed to prevent or  thwart spying, intelligence gathering, and sabotage by an enemy or other foreign  entit.


	Define counterintelligence (noun) and get synonyms. What is counterintelligence  (noun)? counterintelligence (noun) meaning, pronunciation and more by  Macmillan Dictionary.


TERM: Security
	3 : an instrument of investment in the form of a document (such as a stock certificate or bond) providing evidence of its ownership. 4 a : something that secures : protection. b (1) : measures taken to guard against espionage or sabotage, crime, attack, or escape. (2) : an organization or department whose task is ...


	Definition of security - the state of being free from danger or threat, a thing  deposited or pledged as a guarantee of the fulfilment of an undertaking or.


	Security definition, freedom from danger, risk, etc.; safety. See more.


	security. (s&#x26a;kj&#x28a;&#x259;r&#x26a;ti ) Word forms: plural securities. uncountable noun [oft NOUN noun] Security refers to all the measures that are taken to protect a place, or to ensure that only people with permission enter it or leave it.


	security meaning, definition, what is security: protection of a person, building,  organization, or country against threats such as crime&#x2026;. Learn more.


	Definition of security: Finance: A financing or investment instrument issued by a  company or government agency that denotes an ownership interest and provides  evidence of a debt, a right to share in the earnings of the ...


	10 Jan 2017 ... Security, in information technology (IT), is the defense of digital information and IT  assets against internal and external, malicious and accidental threats.


	security definition: Security is defined as being free from danger, or feeling safe. ( noun) An example of security is when you are at home with the doors locked and  you feel safe....


	Define security. security synonyms, security pronunciation, security translation,  English dictionary definition of security. n. pl. se&middot;cu&middot;ri&middot;ties 1. Freedom from risk or  danger; safety. 2. Freedom from doubt, anxiety, or fear; confidence. 3. Something  that gives or assures safety,...


	Bearer securities are those that are negotiable and entitle the shareholder to the  rights under the security. They are transferred from investor to investor, in certain  cases by endorsement and delivery. In terms of proprietary nature, pre-electronic  bearer securities were always divided, meaning each security constituted a&nbsp;...


TERM: AUSCANZUKUS
	Looking for online definition of AUSCANZUKUS or what AUSCANZUKUS stands  for? AUSCANZUKUS is listed in the World's largest and most authoritative  dictionary database of abbreviations and acronyms.


	Define Ausculation. Ausculation synonyms, Ausculation pronunciation,  Ausculation translation, English dictionary definition of Ausculation. n. 1. The act  of listening. 2. Medicine The act of listening for sounds made by internal organs,  as the heart and lungs, to aid in the diagnosis of certain...


	Looking for online definition of AUSAC or what AUSAC stands for? AUSAC is  listed in the World's largest and most authoritative dictionary database of  abbreviations and acronyms.


	These user-created lists contain the word 'auscanzukus'. Comments. Log in or  sign up to get involved in the conversation. It's quick and easy. Visuals. Sorry, no  Creative-Commons-licensed images found (on Flickr). Stats. 'auscanzukus' has  been looked up 55 times, is no one's favorite word yet, is on no lists yet, has no&nbsp;...


	AUSCANNZUKUS is an abbreviation for the naval Command, Control,  Communications and Computers (C4) interoperability organization involving the  Anglosphere nations of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom,  and the United States. It is also used as security caveat in the UKUSA Community , where it is&nbsp;...


	Note: We have 2 other definitions for AUSC in our Acronym Attic. new search &middot;  suggest new definition. Abbreviation Database Surfer; &laquo; Previous &middot; Next &raquo; &middot;  AUSAC &middot; AUSACE &middot; AUSAD &middot; AUSAE &middot; AusAID &middot; AUSAM &middot; AUSART &middot; AUSAV &middot;  AUSB &middot; AusBMR &middot; AUSCAM &middot; AUSCANNZUKUS &middot; AUSCANUCUS &middot;  AUSCANZUKUS&nbsp;...


	new search &middot; suggest new definition. Abbreviation Database Surfer; &laquo; Previous &middot;  Next &raquo; &middot; AUS-MEAT &middot; AUSA &middot; AUSAC &middot; AUSACE &middot; AUSAD &middot; AUSAE &middot; AusAID &middot;  AUSAM &middot; AUSART &middot; AUSAV &middot; AusBMR &middot; AUSC &middot; AUSCAM &middot; AUSCANNZUKUS &middot;  AUSCANUCUS &middot; AUSCANZUKUS &middot; AUSCC &middot; AusCERT &middot; AUSCI &middot; AUSCON.  Index:.


	la cyber-s&eacute;curit&eacute; translation english, French - English dictionary, meaning, see  also 'cybercaf&eacute;',cordon &eacute;lectrique',carte routi&egrave;re',c&eacute;leri branche', example of use,  ... Par leur participation au groupe de travail juridique AUSCANZUKUS, les  avocats du JAG ont continu&eacute; &agrave; travailler pour prot&eacute;ger la cyber-s&eacute;curit&eacute; du  Canada par&nbsp;...


	cyber-s&eacute;curit&eacute; translation english, French - English dictionary, meaning, see also  'cybercaf&eacute;',cordon &eacute;lectrique',carte routi&egrave;re',c&eacute;leri branche', example of use, ...  Par leur participation au groupe de travail juridique AUSCANZUKUS, les avocats  du JAG ont continu&eacute; &agrave; travailler pour prot&eacute;ger la cyber-s&eacute;curit&eacute; du Canada par la &nbsp;...


	referred to as the 'Five Eyes' or AUSCANZUKUS, a community of interest and  mutual support that ..... seed of the AUSCANZUKUS scheme.41 The prescience  of these secret talks became evident after Pearl .... but rather as national services  dedicated to a sovereign state claiming a defined territory &#x2013; the overseas posses- .


TERM: ECHELON
	Also called echelon grating. ... Echelon comes from the French &eacute;chelon, a word whose literal meaning is &#x201c;rung of a ladder.&#x201d; Initially it was confined to military use, to refer to a step-like formation of troops.


	1 a (1) : an arrangement of a body of troops with its units each somewhat to the left or right of the one in the rear like a series of steps. (2) : a formation of units or individuals resembling such an echelon.


	1A level or rank in an organization, a profession, or society. ... A formation of troops, ships, aircraft, or vehicles in parallel rows with the end of each row projecting further than the one in front. ... Late 18th century (in echelon (sense 2 of the noun)): from French &eacute;chelon, from ...


	echelon meaning, definition, what is echelon: a particular level or group of  people within an organization such as an army or company: . Learn more.


	echelon definition: Echelon is defined as the level that someone or something  has attained. (noun) An example of echelon is the President and his cabinet, the  upper echelons of the political environment. ...


	Define echelon. echelon synonyms, echelon pronunciation, echelon translation,  English dictionary definition of echelon. n. 1. a. A formation of troops in which  each unit is positioned successively to the left or right of the rear unit to form an  oblique or steplike line. b.


	Echelon definition: An echelon in an organization or society is a level or rank in it.  | Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.


	Define echelon (noun) and get synonyms. What is echelon (noun)? echelon ( noun) meaning, pronunciation and more by Macmillan Dictionary.


	Top definition. upper echelonunknown. It is the higher level of any group. upper  echelon in the military refers to people of higher ranks (usually officers) in  everyday life it is in references to bosses and managers and the like. #echelon# upper#military#rank#level#highest#best#outrank. by countessa January 14,  2009.


	Synonyms for upper echelon at Thesaurus.com with free online thesaurus,  antonyms, and definitions. Dictionary and Word of the Day.


TERM: NarusInsight Intercept Suite
	


	The intercepted data flows into NarusInsight Intercept Suite. This data is stored and analyzed for surveillance and forensic analysis. ... NarusInsight can also perform semantic analysis of the same traffic as it is happening, in other words analyze the content, meaning, structure and significance of traffic in real time.


	&quot;According to a company press release, the latest version of NarusInsight  Intercept Suite (NIS) is &quot;the industry's only network traffic intelligence system that  ... &quot;It can also perform semantic analysis of the same traffic as it is happening, in  other words analyze the content, meaning, structure and significance of traffic in  real time&nbsp;...


	7 Apr 2006 ... Remember that semantics is not just the data, but rather the meaning of the data.  ... With a suite of products targeted at meeting lawful intercept requirements,  Narus simplifies lawful intercept tasks helping carriers and agencies meet ... This  data flows right into NarusInsight Intercept Suite, which enables.


	14 Jun 2007 ... A company called Narus has developed the NarusInsight Intercept Suite: a  purpose built network surveillance system that is capable of analyzing (in real  time) ALL of the data passing through the largest network nodes in existence.  This system is capable of applying sophisticated targeting rules to the traffic&nbsp;...


	As the foundation for the industry's most advanced IP security, intercept and traffic  classification applications, NarusInsight ... Browsing and Push to Talk (PTT)..........  NarusInsight Intercept Suite ... equipment manufacturers are working together to  develop products and define technical standards for electronic&nbsp;...


	Info Security Products Guide Names Narus Winner of the 2006 Tomorrow's  Technology Today Award; NarusInsight Secure Suite Selected a Winner in the ...  As the foundation for the industry's most advanced IP security, intercept and traffic  classification applications, NarusInsight Secure Suite is unique in its ability to&nbsp;...


	Narus devices are DPI (deep packet inspection) devices that can tap a  communications link (typically from a service provider via a mirror tap) and do  TCP/IP and UDP traffic reconstruction based on its internal library of the protocols  it understan...


	6 Apr 2006 ... &#x201c;NarusInsight 5 delivers today on the promise of one common system for the  security, management and intercept of IMS services, coupled with the speed  enhancements that drive unequalled price performance. In addition, the  NarusInsight Secure Suite's entropy-based layer 7 security algorithms again&nbsp;...


	WMS is defined as Warrant management System (law enforcement) very rarely.  ... This definition appears very rarely and is found in the following Acronym Finder  categories: ... The NarusInsight Intercept Suite (NIS): --CALEA- and ETSI- compliant modules for lawful intercept featuring a robust warrant management  system.


	7 Apr 2006 ... NarusInsight Intercept Suite. Packet-level, flow-level, and application-level usage  information is captured and analyzed as well as raw user session packets for  forensic analysis, surveillance or in satisfying regulatory compliance for lawful  intercept. The Lawful Intercept module offers carriers and service&nbsp;...


TERM: burst transmission
	


	In telecommunication, a burst transmission or data burst is the broadcast of a relatively high-bandwidth transmission over a short period.


	Burst is a term used in a number of information technology contexts to mean a  specific amount of data sent or received in one intermittent operation. ... See  complete definition &middot; TCP/IP (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol):  TCP/IP, or the Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol, is a suite of  communication&nbsp;...


	burst transmission. burst transmission: 1. Transmission that combines a very high data signaling rate with very short transmission times. (188) 2. Operation of a data network in which data transmission is interrupted at intervals.


	Burst Definition - Burst refers to a period when user data is sent at irregular  intervals, usually due to a high-bandwidth transmission over a short...


	Looking for burst transmission? Find out information about burst transmission. A  radio transmission in which messages stored for a given time are sent at from 10  to more than 100 times the normal rate, recorded when received, and then...  Explanation of burst transmission.


	A data transmission mode in which data is sent faster than normal. There are a  number of techniques for implementing burst modes. In a data bus, for example,  a burst mode is usually implemented by allowing a device to seize control of the  bus and not permitting other devices to interrupt. In RAM, burst modes are&nbsp;...


	As a practical example, I once helped maintain what was known as a meteor  burst communication system. It operated at low VHF frequencies and low data  rates, and relied on ionization trails from micro-meteorites for over-the-horizon  transmission. ...


	burst transmission definition, meaning, English dictionary, synonym, see also ' bust',burster',bursitis',burstone', Reverso dictionary, English definition, English  vocabulary.


	I have managed to transmit one single Byte at a time but I was wondering if it was  possible to transmit the entire 5 Bytes with the CS signal always low. ... If you  have control over the communication between the master and the slave, you can  define a &quot;sync&quot; value that the master can send tot he slave&nbsp;...


	burst transmission definition - A transmission at the highest speed that a device is  capable of uninterruptedly transmitting. Also called burst speed.


TERM: spread spectrum transmission
	


	Spread spectrum is a form of wireless communications in which the frequency of the transmitted signal is deliberately varied. ... This occurs when another signal is transmitted on, or very near, the frequency of the desired signal.


	Spread-spectrum telecommunications. This is a technique in which a telecommunication signal is transmitted on a bandwidth considerably larger than the frequency content of the original information. Frequency hopping is a basic modulation technique used in spread spectrum signal transmission.


	In Spread Spectrum communication, the bandwidth occupancy of a single  transmitted signal is much higher than in systems using conventional modulation  methods. This band-spreading is achieved by selecting appropriate transmission  waveforms with a wide bandwidth. A very popular method is to multiply the user  data&nbsp;...


	Spread spectrum is a technique used for transmitting radio or  telecommunications signals. The term refers to the practice of spreading the  transmitted signal to occupy the frequency spectrum available for transmission.  The advantages of spectrum spreading include noise reduction, security and  resistance to jamming and&nbsp;...


	Direct sequence spread spectrum (DSSS) is a transmission technology used in  local area wireless network transmissions. In this technology, a data signal at the  sending station is combined with a high data rate bit sequence, which divides  user data based on a spreading ratio. The benefits of using DSSS are resistance  to&nbsp;...


	Spread spectrum is an technique used in radio transmission based on the  concept that the narrowband signal is manipulated (scrambled) prior to  transmission in such a way that the signal occupies a much larger part of the RF  spectrum then strictly needed. This makes the signal more robust against  interference and&nbsp;...


	A set of radio transmission techniques that vary the timing and frequency of the  signal, thereby increasing the transmission's bandwidth, reducing noise and  interference while making the signal harder to detect or intercept. THE  AMERICAN HERITAGE&reg; DICTIONARY OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE, FIFTH  EDITION by the&nbsp;...


	19 Feb 2013 ... 4Overview of Spread SpectrumCommunications&#x2022; Spread Spectrum is a means of  transmission in which the data sequence occupies a bandwidth in excess of the  minimum bandwidth necessary to send it. &#x25ab; Effectively the signal is mapped to a  higher dimension signal space&#x2022; Signal spreading is done before&nbsp;...


	DSSS is a transmission technology used in LAWN transmissions where a data  signal at the sending station is combined with a higher data rate bit sequence, or  chipping code, that divides the user data according to a spreading ratio. The  chipping code is a redundant bit pattern for each bit that is transmitted, which  increases&nbsp;...


	Because spread-spectrum signals are so wide, they transmit at a much lower  spectral power density, measured in watts per hertz, than narrow band  transmitters. This lower transmitted power density characteristic gives spread- spectrum signals a big plus. Spread-spectrum and narrowband signals can  occupy the same&nbsp;...


TERM: radio silence
	When someone dosen't return phone calls or text messages. Most commonly  used when trying to develop a relationship with someone.


	radio silence meaning, definition, what is radio silence: a period of time when  nothing is broadcast by radio: . Learn more.


	Radio silence is a deliberate cessation of communications, typically for the duration of some sensitive time period. Radio silence may be mandated or voluntary. Strictly speaking, the term refers to the transmissions of radio stations, which in this context include anything capable of sending our a radio signal.


	radio silence. noun. a condition requiring all radio stations in an area to stop transmitting during a period of time; the period of time during which this condition exists. The military group was told not to break radio silence.


	Definition of radio silence - an absence of or abstention from radio transmission.


	In telecommunications, radio silence or Emissions Control (EMCON) is a status in  which all fixed or mobile radio stations in an area are asked to stop transmitting  for safety or security reasons. The term &quot;radio station&quot; may include anything  capable of transmitting a radio signal. A single ship, aircraft, spacecraft, or group  of&nbsp;...


	I sent off some photos to a client who I was really hoping to impress. I had worked  hard on them. I was proud of what I had made, but I wasn't sure if it met the  expectation of the client (making art is often like that, isn't it?). The client was  excited and had asked about them, once or twice. I created an online gallery and  emailed&nbsp;...


	Noun. a status maintained where all fixed or mobile radio stations in an area stop  transmitting (sometimes limited to certain frequency bands); the period of time  during which this status exists. English Wiktionary. Available under CC-BY-SA  license.


	What is Radio Silence? The Radio Silence Technique or no contact period as it  has often been coined in the US is a self-development practice that has been  developed to help individuals rebuild themselves after they have been broken up  with. People often misunderstand this approach or method and feel as though the &nbsp;...


	Answer (1 of 1): All radio stations and broadcasting companies will transmit on a  certain frequency; this can either be on medium wave, FM, short wave or long  wave. The location of a radio station on a dial will depend on whereabouts that  broadcast is coming from and how many other stations are active in that  particular&nbsp;...


TERM: DIA-Defence Intelligence Agency
	


	The Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) is an external intelligence service of the United States federal government specializing in defense and military intelligence.


	Vice President Pence visits DIA HQ Vice President Mike Pence visited the  Defense Intelligence Agency Headquarters at Joint Base Anacostia-Bolling Nov.  6, to receive classified intelligence briefings and meet with DIA officers. Story&nbsp;...


	At DIA, we provide military intelligence to warfighters, defense policymakers and force planners in the Department of Defense and the Intelligence Community, in support of U.S. military planning and operations and weapon systems acquisition.


	A Department of Defense combat support agency and a member of the United  States Intelligence Community responsible for providing timely, objective, and  cogent military intelligence to warfighters, defense planners, and defense and  national security policymakers. DIA is a major producer and manager of foreign  military&nbsp;...


	Defense Intelligence Agency synonyms, Defense Intelligence Agency  pronunciation, Defense Intelligence Agency translation, English dictionary  definition of Defense ... States in the Department of Defense; is responsible for  providing intelligence in support of military planning and operations and  weapons acquisition. DIA.


	Definition of DIA (Defense Intelligence Agency) &#x2013; Our online dictionary has DIA ( Defense Intelligence Agency) information from Encyclopedia of Espionage,  Intelligence, and Security dictionary. Encyclopedia.com: English, psychology and  medical dictionaries.


	Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), the primary gatherer and producer of military  intelligence in the United States. It was established on October 1, 1961, by  direction of the U.S. secretary of defense to act as the central intelligence  manager for the Department of Defense and to support the intelligence  requirements of the&nbsp;...


	Defense Intelligence Agency. 390K likes. Welcome to the official Defense  Intelligence Agency (DIA) Facebook page. To learn more about DIA, please visit.. .


	Overview: The Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) serves as the Pentagon's top  spy agency responsible for providing data on foreign militaries. DIA intelligence  has been used extensively by military and civilian planners during crises, and in  some cases, the agency has been implicated in recent scandals related to the  Bush&nbsp;...


	The Defense Intelligence Agency (or DIA) was a pre-War government agency of  the United States...


TERM: NRO-National Reconnaissance Office
	


	The National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) is a member of the United States Intelligence Community and an agency of the United States Department of Defense.


	Develop. Acquire. Launch. Operate. When the United States needs eyes and  ears in critical places where no human can reach &#x2013; be it over the most rugged  terrain or through the most hostile territory &#x2013; it turns to the National  Reconnaissance Office (NRO). The NRO is the U.S. Government agency in  charge of designing,&nbsp;...


	The National Reconnaissance Office's (NRO) systems are critical to National  Security, U.S. policy makers, and war fighters. ... The NRO's innovation also  inspired technology in everyday life with contributions to medical imaging, global  communications, high-definition television, cellular phones, the global  positioning system&nbsp;...


	National Reconnaissance Office The NRO designs, builds and operates the  nation's reconnaissance satellites. NRO products, provided to an expanding list  of customers like the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the Department of  Defense (DoD), can warn of potential trouble spots around the world, help plan  military&nbsp;...


	National Reconnaissance Office synonyms, National Reconnaissance Office  pronunciation, National Reconnaissance Office translation, English dictionary ...  Reconnaissance Program (NRP) that funded all United States overflight technical  collection assets, and a clandestine National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) in  the&nbsp;...


	Noun, 1. NRO - an intelligence agency in the United States Department of  Defense that designs and builds and operates space reconnaissance systems to  detect trouble spots worldwide and to monitor arms control agreements and  environmental issues and to help plan military operations. National  Reconnaissance Office.


	The National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) is a federal agency designed to  operate spy satellites of the U.S. government. The NRO is an agency of the  Department of Defense and is funded through the.


	Set up by the U.S. Defense Department in 1992. The NRO Director is typically  appointed by the Secretary of Defense and is responsible for consolidating into  one program all Department of Defense air vehicle and satellite overflight  projects for intelligence. This mission is defined as the National Reconnaissance  Program.


	9 Dec 2014 ... They are avatars depicted on the official mission patches made for the National  Reconnaissance Office (NRO). Just as NASA creates specially designed patches  for each mission into space, NRO follows that tradition for its spy satellite  launches. But while NASA patches tend to feature space ships and&nbsp;...


	DoD Directive 5105.23 National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), June 28, 2011,  updated October 29, 2015 ... 30 April 1997; D/NRO Jeffrey Harris on Military  Space, 6 April 1995; Defining the Future of the NRO for the 21st Century [The  Jeremiah Report] 26 AUGUST 1996; Small Satellite Review Panel - 28 June  1996.


TERM: NSA-National Security Agency
	


	The National Security Agency (NSA) is a national-level intelligence agency of the United States Department of Defense, under the authority of the Director of National Intelligence. ... Since then, it has become one of the largest U.S. intelligence organizations in terms of personnel and budget.


	The National Security Agency (NSA) is the official U.S. cryptologic (the science of cryptographic design and decryption) organization. ... The director of NSA/CSS, in accordance with a Department of Defense (DoD) directive, must be a high-ranking (at least 3 stars) commissioned officer of the military services.


	National Security Agency/Central Security Service Public Information.


	In this directive. the President designated the Secretary of Defense as Executive  Agent for the signals intelligence and communications security activities of the  Government. A specific National Security Council Intelligence Directive (NSCID)  defines NSA's functions. It is augmented by Director of Central Intelligence&nbsp;...


	2 Nov 2017 ... The NSA was created in part out of the belief that the importance and distinct  character of communications intelligence warranted an organization distinct from  both the armed forces and the other intelligence agencies. While it operates  within the Department of Defense, the NSA also belongs to the&nbsp;...


	National Security Agency NSA Definition - The National Security Agency (NSA) is  a United States intelligence agency which is responsible for producing and...


	The U.S.'s cryptologic organization, with responsibility for protecting U.S. National  Security information systems and collecting and disseminating foreign signals  intelligence. Areas of expertise include cryptanalysis, mathematics, computer  science, and foreign language analysis. Also, a member of the US Intelligence&nbsp;...


	National Security Agency synonyms, National Security Agency pronunciation,  National Security Agency translation, English dictionary definition of National  Security Agency. Noun 1. National ... Nasdaq: CRAY) and the National Security  Agency (NSA) have entered into a joint development contract, valued at up to $9.


	As James Bamford reminds us in Body of Secrets, his latest book on the shadowy  National Security Agency (NSA), officials at the organization would routinely play  intercepted telephone conversations between bin Laden and his stepmother to  congressmen in order to acquire more funds for eavesdropping activities.


	National Security Agency (NSA). Definition. A United States intelligence  organization responsible for the collection and storage of information for foreign  intelligence and counterintelligence purposes.


TERM: CIA-Central Intelligence Agency
	


	The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) is a civilian foreign intelligence service of the United States federal government, tasked with gathering, processing, and analyzing national security information from around the world, primarily through the use of human intelligence (HUMINT).


	19 Dec 2006 ... The Central Intelligence Agency was created in 1947 with the signing of the  National Security Act by President Harry S. Truman. The act also created a  Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) to serve as head of the United States  intelligence community; act as the principal adviser to the President for&nbsp;...


	5 Apr 2007 ... CIA's primary mission is to collect, analyze, evaluate, and disseminate foreign intelligence to assist the President and senior US government policymakers in making decisions relating to national security. ... First, we have to identify a problem or an issue of national security concern to the US government.


	8 May 2007 ... A recent article in STUDIES provokes here a second attempt to sort out a tangled  concept. A DEFINITION OF INTELLIGENCE. Martin T. Bimfort. Formulating a brief  definition of so broad a term as intelligence is like making a microscopic portrait  of a continent, and the product of this effort is likely to have less&nbsp;...


	The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) is an independent federal agency  responsible for providing national security intelligence to our nation's  policymakers. The foreign intelligence the CIA gathers is used to provide tactical  and strategic advantages so as to preempt threats and further U.S. national  security objectives.


	Definition of Central Intelligence Agency - a federal agency in the US responsible  for coordinating government intelligence activities. Established in 1947 and  originally.


	The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) is a independent civilian intelligence  agency of the United States government that compiles intelligence information,  conducts counterintelligence activities.


	CIA definition, Central Intelligence Agency: the U.S. federal agency that  coordinates governmental intelligence activities outside the United States. See  more.


	Central Intelligence Agency definition, CIA. See more.


	Define Central Intelligence Agency. Central Intelligence Agency synonyms,  Central Intelligence Agency pronunciation, Central Intelligence Agency  translation, English dictionary definition of Central Intelligence Agency. n See CIA  Central Intelligence Agency: a federal agency that coordinates U.S. intelligence  activities.


TERM: NIMA-National Imagery and Mapping Agency
	


	Agency overview. Formed. October 1, 1996 (as the National Imagery and Mapping Agency) Preceding agency. National Imagery and Mapping Agency (NIMA)


	NIMA or Nima may refer to: Contents. [hide]. 1 Places; 2 People; 3 Other; 4 See  also. Places[edit]. Nima (town), a residential town in the Greater Accra Region of  Ghana; Nima, a village in Mintiu Gherlii Commune, Cluj County, Romania; Nima,  Shimane, a former town in Japan, merged into the city of &#x14c;da; Nima River,&nbsp;...


	National Imagery and Mapping Agency. Page Content. On Oct. 1, 1996 the National Imagery and Mapping Agency, or NIMA, was formed to bring together our nation's most capable imagery and geospatial assets into a single agency.


	The agency was founded in 1996 as the National Imagery and Mapping Agency ( NIMA). &#x201c;The history of NGA goes well beyond our name change or even the  founding of NIMA,&#x201d; said Dr. Gary E. Weir, NGA historian. &#x201c;Look back at the  defining moments of our country &#x2013; from the Revolutionary War on &#x2013; and you will  find&nbsp;...


	National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency - a combat support agency that provides  geographic intelligence in support of national security NGA Defense... ... Its  promises received traction only in early 2003 with the National Imagery and  Mapping Agency (NIMA), now called the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency  (NGA),&nbsp;...


	9 Jun 2016 ... USGS - National Imagery and Mapping Agency Catalog of Public Sale  Topographic Maps, Publications, and Digital Products.


	Get information, facts, and pictures about NIMA (National Imagery and Mapping  Agency) at Encyclopedia.com. Make research projects and school reports about  NIMA (National Imagery and Mapping Agency) easy with credible articles from  our FREE, online encyclopedia and dictionary.


	National Imagery and Mapping Agency or National Geospatial-Intelligence  Agency - Computer Definition. Headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, the agency  was established under the name NIMA on October 1, 1996, and was renamed to  NGA in 2004. Because it has clients beyond the boundaries of the U.S.  Department&nbsp;...


	REDESIGNATION OF NATIONAL IMAGERY AND MAPPING AGENCY AS  NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. (a) Redesignation.--The  National Imagery and Mapping Agency of the Department of Defense is hereby  redesignated as the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. (b) Definition of  Geospatial&nbsp;...


	Learn about this topic in these articles: intelligence gathering. In intelligence: The  United States &#x2026;to the U.S. government. The National Imagery and Mapping  Agency (NIMA) was created in 1996 under the aegis of the Department of  Defense to produce imagery intelligence for the U.S. military and other  government&nbsp;...


TERM: UAV-Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
	


	An unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), commonly known as a drone, is an aircraft without a human pilot aboard. ... The flight of UAVs may operate with various degrees of autonomy: either under remote control by a human operator or autonomously by onboard computers.


	Contains information about the UAV Types, UAV Photos, Unmanned Aerial  Vehicle, Degree of Autonomy, UAVS - Unmanned Aircraft Vehicle System, UAS ( Unmanned Aircraft System), UAV Endurance, you will also be able to see UAV  photos and images.


	1. unmanned aircraft (or aerial) vehicle: an aircraft that can navigate without a human pilot on board; a drone: UAVs guided by GPS. Origin of UAV.


	15 Aug 2013 ... Unfortunately the term Drone often carry's with it a level of stigma inherited from  their controversial military applications on the battlefield. A more preferable and  descriptive term used by proponents of the industry is Unmanned Aerial Vehicle ( UAV). Drones and UAVs are considered to be fairly synonymous&nbsp;...


	Over just a few decades, the unmanned aerial vehicle has gone from a science  fiction concept to an everyday reality. Many of these applications were developed  in the military, and the general public has seen UAVs evolve as spy or  reconnaissance vehicles used during wartime. However, recently consumers  have also&nbsp;...


	24 Aug 2008 ... What Is a UAV. The term UAV is an abbreviation of Unmanned Aerial vehicle,  meaning aerial vehicles which operate without a human pilot. UAVs are  commonly used in both the military and police forces in situations where the risk  of sending a human piloted aircraft is unacceptable, or the situation makes&nbsp;...


	6 Dec 2017 ... Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), military aircraft that is guided autonomously, by  remote control, or both and that carries sensors, target designators, offensive  ordnance, or electronic transmitters designed to interfere with or destroy enemy  targets. Unencumbered by crew, life-support systems, and the&nbsp;...


	An unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) is an aircraft that carries no human pilot or  passengers. UAVs ... Unmanned aircraft system (uav) quadcopter drone in the air  over commercial buildings. Report ... Policymakers must define an approach that  protects civilians and human rights, while allowing latitude to fight terrorism. Sep  8&nbsp;...


	18 Oct 2016 ... What is a drone? Formally known as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), drones  have a variety of military, consumer and enterprise use cases.


	UAV is the acronym of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle. Currently, when browsing the  Internet looking for related articles, UAV is the most frequent term. This  designation is used to define the flying object employed for recreational and  professional civilian applications. Even if a common agreement seems to have  been reached&nbsp;...


TERM: image resolution
	


	Image resolution is the detail an image holds. The term applies to raster digital images, film images, and other types of images. Higher resolution means more image detail. Image resolution can be measured in various ways.


	12 Sep 2017 ... These two acronyms are often used interchangeably although they do have different meanings. PPI (Pixels Per Inch) refers display resolution, or, how many individual pixels are displayed in one inch of a digital image. DPI (Dots Per Inch) refers to printer resolution, or, the number of dots of ink on a printed image.


	As the resolution goes up, the image becomes more clear. It becomes sharper,  more defined, and more detailed as well. Why is that? Because there's more  information in the same small space. Your computer, laptop and your smartphone  (if you're lucky enough to have one) both have image resolutions. There is a  certain&nbsp;...


	Image resolution and associated abbreviations such as ppi and dpi confuse a lot  of people. This page explains what resolution is and how it needs to be taken into  account when creating layouts or printing pictures. It covers the following topics:  Pixels, the basis for talking about resolution; Resolution as the definition of the&nbsp;...


	15 Feb 2017 ... Pixel dimensions measure the total number of pixels along an image's width and  height. Resolution is the fineness of detail in a bitmap image and is measured in  pixels per inch (ppi). The more pixels per inch, the greater the resolution.  Generally, an image with a higher resolution produces a better printed&nbsp;...


	Image resolution. If you are using images in your design, make sure you are  using the correct resolution. The resolution of an image is measured in dots per  inch (dpi), also known as pixels per inch (ppi). The dpi determines the amount of  detail the image has. If the final image is to be displayed on a computer (web/CD- Rom&nbsp;...


	5 Apr 2012 ... So if you read that a camera records video at 1280 by 720, what that means is it  records a rectangular image that is 1,280 pixels wide and 720 pixels tall. Let's  review a few common resolutions that you'll encounter with online video. There's  640x480, commonly referred to as standard definition (or SD).


	27 Aug 2017 ... In other words, the number of pixels per unit of area dictates the picture's quality,  not the total number of pixels. Thus, a TV's resolution is expressed in pixels per  inch (PPI or P). As of 2017, the most common TV resolutions are 720p, 1080p,  and 2160p, all of which are considered high definition.


	Pixels: Anatomy of an Image Printing a digital image is the process of turning  something digital into something physical. Instead of...


	Definition of resolution for English Language Learners. : the act of finding an  answer or solution to a conflict, problem, etc. : the act of resolving something. : an  answer or solution to something. : the ability of a device to show an image clearly  and with a lot of detail&nbsp;...


TERM: signal-to-noise ration;
	Signal-to-noise ratio (abbreviated SNR or S/N) is a measure used in science and engineering that compares the level of a desired signal to the level of background noise. S/N ratio is defined as the ratio of signal power to the noise power, often expressed in decibels.


	11 Jul 2016 ... In analog and digital communications, signal-to-noise ratio, often written S/N or SNR, is a measure of signal strength relative to background noise. The ratio is usually measured in decibels (dB) using a signal-to-noise ratio formula.


	18 Oct 2016 ... You might have come across a listed product specification, or maybe even heard  or read a discussion about it. But either way, signal-to-noise ratio &#x2013; often  abbreviated as SNR or S/N &#x2013; can seem a rather cryptic topic to the average  consumer. But only at first! While the math behind signal-to-noise ratio is&nbsp;...


	Signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) is the ratio of the amplitude of analog or digital data  signal to the amplitude of noise in a transmission channel.


	Signal-to-noise ratio is the ratio of the strength of a signal to its background noise.  In this lesson we'll become familiar with its formula and...


	6 Feb 2017


	7 Apr 2011


	The prevailing SNR was below 20 dB which is not uncommon for riverine  measurements. A split-beam angle measurement bias was observed, which was  unexpected at the time and a split-beam simulation model ( Kieser et al. , 2000 )  was&nbsp;...


	The ratio of useful information to useless information in any given statement.


	Signal-to-noise ratio definition: the ratio of one parameter , such as power of a  wanted signal to the same parameter of... | Meaning, pronunciation, translations  and examples.


